**h4sh3d**: Hi everyone

**TheCharlatan**: hello

**lederstrumpf**: hi

**h4sh3d**: I don't have much to share today, have been working on the libraries mostly.

**h4sh3d**: Things we can discuss also are: community update for March, completion of milestone 1 (and its sub-milestones)

**h4sh3d**: and plan a bit the work on the libs and the node

**h4sh3d**: maybe lederstrumpf you can update us on the CCS and milestone thing?

**zkao**: hi

**lederstrumpf**: sure:

**lederstrumpf**: we're done with the full M1 now :)

**lederstrumpf**: so we can share this with the Monero Community channel so that they can review it

**lederstrumpf**: hopefully, this means we'll have some feedback already by the next Monero Community meeting on Saturday

**lederstrumpf**: This is the delivery doc: https://hackmd.io/jy_CmJ10Tryun6hv8ron6Q

**lederstrumpf**: The `proposed changes & concrete design choices` section can still be fleshed out, if anyone wants to add anything that I missed

**lederstrumpf**: I'm drafting the community update over here, input welcome: https://hackmd.io/vRR25R-SSI2wrSu3Wh6Pdg

**h4sh3d**: Maybe we should make it clear that despite the fact we think the RFCs, in their current state, cover the deliverables, we will continue working on them, update them and improve them while working on the code base (and that we already started the codebase to also "validate" the RFCs)

**lederstrumpf**: yes, good point - they're certainly not a static reference

**h4sh3d**: [...]in particular for the feedback we received on the #monero-irc channel[...] what is this channel? monero-community?

**lederstrumpf**: oops ðŸµ

**lederstrumpf**: I changed that entirely now

**h4sh3d**: *h4sh3d randomly clicking on links and arriving on farcaster meetings logs

**h4sh3d**: do we have the logs for the 24th of March (last week)?

**lederstrumpf**: I must pull them in manually from an IRC log

**lederstrumpf**: the bridge went down again during our meeting

**h4sh3d**: Ok

**lederstrumpf**: the bridge is working fine so far today

**TheCharlatan**: I have complete logs if required.

**zkao**: i've been workin on the node, and on core for it to align with the node mostly

**lederstrumpf**: > I have complete logs if required.

great, dm me those and I'll format them for the repo

**h4sh3d**: Russel Oâ€™Connorâ€™s speedy trial reference is a must, thanks for pointing to that in the milestone document

**h4sh3d**: for reference here: https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018583.html

**h4sh3d**: zkao: what do we put in the community update about the lib and the node?

**h4sh3d**: any big, high level stuff we want to share

**zkao**: hard one

**h4sh3d**: beside's the fact that we launch mainnet next week ;)

**zkao**: the thing is, if u cant play with it its not real

**zkao**: and the node is far too boring for now

**zkao**: u can only connect 2 nodes

**lederstrumpf**: so shall we leave it out for now?

**zkao**: the thing is, RFCs completed = Homeword done, also boring

**zkao**: homework*

**h4sh3d**: I think we should just mention that we started early this month coding the libs and the node

**h4sh3d**: we did too boring stuff isn't it ;)

**zkao**: i will work on the hackmd in a bit

**h4sh3d**: i think we don't have to be too specific on the codebase for now, the update can focus on the M1 done and RFCs

**h4sh3d**: I've work on the core libs, mainly on the bitcoin transaction imlementation

**h4sh3d**: it is still a draft state, but it's getting cleaner

**zkao**: for the next week, i will work on getting all the logic from creating an offer and accepting an offer in the node, and start handling the protocol messages

**zkao**: after offer accept

**zkao**: i did a stub syncer last week

**h4sh3d**: recently I was playing a bit the bitcoin node in regtest mode, to validate the transactions and I'm working on a "test framework", I'm trying to figure out what the best and easy way to create and test scenario for bitcoin transactions

**h4sh3d**: after completing the bitcoin txs implementation, I'll see with kayaba how we can "complete" the core lib to have all the structs needed for the node (cli, syncers, swapd, etc.)

**h4sh3d**: I also fixed the mistake that was presents in PR https://github.com/farcaster-project/RFCs/pull/79

**h4sh3d**: if you can review and see if we merge that it's cool

**h4sh3d**: (I like the Farcaster logo damn)

**h4sh3d**: https://github.com/farcaster-project/RFCs/pull/82 reviewed and merged

**lederstrumpf**: > (I like the Farcaster logo damn)

I think that every time :D

**h4sh3d**: alright, anything else one wants to share?

**h4sh3d**: Ok, i think we can adjourn then

**h4sh3d**: Thanks for joining

**lederstrumpf**: ciao