Jun 02 17:44:36 <h4sh3d>        meeting in 15 minutes here

Jun 02 18:04:11 <lederstrumpf[m]>       hello

Jun 02 18:04:54 <h4sh3d>        hi

Jun 02 18:05:08 <h4sh3d>        matrix bridge is working I see

Jun 02 18:05:19 <zkao>  hey

Jun 02 18:07:36 <zkao>  i haven't worked on the project, so no updates from my side

Jun 02 18:08:12 <zkao>  i just helped TheCharlatan a bit here and there

Jun 02 18:08:58 <h4sh3d>        ok

Jun 02 18:09:15 <h4sh3d>        just before we start

Jun 02 18:09:27 <zkao>  next week my availability will get back to normal

Jun 02 18:09:36 <h4sh3d>        the zulip is not bridged right lederstrumpf[m]?!

Jun 02 18:10:11 <h4sh3d>        zkao: cool

Jun 02 18:10:59 <zkao>  im logging

Jun 02 18:11:03 <lederstrumpf[m]>       nope

Jun 02 18:11:15 <lederstrumpf[m]>       the zulip is bridged to the freenode room

Jun 02 18:11:40 <lederstrumpf[m]>       but it's not showing today's messages again.

Jun 02 18:11:53 <h4sh3d>        i think it's not a problem. do you extract the logs from zulip?

Jun 02 18:12:22 <h4sh3d>        if it's the case I can extract form my IRC client directly (it'll change the format tho)

Jun 02 18:12:32 <lederstrumpf[m]>       yes, but it's easy to rewrite the formatter for an IRC log

Jun 02 18:12:53 <lederstrumpf[m]>       I think it causes more headache than it's worth to rely on the bridge for the meeting logs

Jun 02 18:13:01 <zkao>  no, its not, its written in some exotic lisp

Jun 02 18:13:04 <zkao>  hahaha

Jun 02 18:13:34 <TheCharlatan>  ^^

Jun 02 18:13:42 <lederstrumpf[m]>       just slightly exotic - a whiff of pineapple, that's all ;)

Jun 02 18:14:21 <h4sh3d>        ok, I'll push my logs on the meetings repo and then you format as you want (if you want) ;)

Jun 02 18:15:20 <h4sh3d>        I posted on freenode to be sure that nobody is waiting there

Jun 02 18:15:21 <lederstrumpf[m]>       ack

Jun 02 18:15:27 <lederstrumpf[m]>       h4sh3d: 

Jun 02 18:15:40 *       Guest53 (~Guest53@178.197.236.17) has joined

Jun 02 18:15:50 <Guest53>       Weshwesh

Jun 02 18:15:52 <lederstrumpf[m]>       s/://

Jun 02 18:16:09 <lederstrumpf[m]>       seems to have worked for Guest53 ;)

Jun 02 18:16:28 <h4sh3d>        looking at the meetings logs there is a month missing lederstrumpf[m]

Jun 02 18:16:57 <h4sh3d>        can you take care of that

Jun 02 18:17:33 <Guest53>       Good to be here.  Zapoy!

Jun 02 18:17:44 <h4sh3d>        if at some point we drop zulip (because it is not really used now) we should have them on github

Jun 02 18:17:53 <h4sh3d>        anyway. let's start the meeting

Jun 02 18:18:10 <h4sh3d>        hi Guest53!  do you want to share something?

Jun 02 18:18:52 <Guest53>       hey. Not for now. Thanks !

Jun 02 18:19:34 <h4sh3d>        okok. I can start then

Jun 02 18:20:02 <h4sh3d>        I worked a bit on core library, did not open a draft PR yet

Jun 02 18:20:12 <h4sh3d>        https://github.com/h4sh3d/farcaster-core/tree/reorganize-workspace

Jun 02 18:20:45 <h4sh3d>        We did separate the implementation inside core in two crates: chains and core

Jun 02 18:20:46 *       gingeropolous (~wut@104.168.99.235) has joined

Jun 02 18:21:30 <h4sh3d>        this was a good design and helped to split what's blockchain specific and what's "farcaster" generic

Jun 02 18:21:37 <zkao>  hey Guest53 

Jun 02 18:22:31 <zkao>  zapoy is known word, i guess we have a russian spy onboard

Jun 02 18:22:37 <zkao>  haha

Jun 02 18:22:45 <h4sh3d>        but with Rust (because of good reasons) if you have a trait that is external to your crate, you cann't implement it on an external struct/enum/...

Jun 02 18:23:45 <h4sh3d>        with the two crates we have traits in core, and in chains we join external structs (rust-bitcoin, monero-rs) and core traits => external+external

Jun 02 18:24:18 <h4sh3d>        so the design was done to not require core traits on structs like Amount, Address, Transaction, etc

Jun 02 18:24:44 *       Guest53 has quit (Quit: Client closed)

Jun 02 18:25:12 <lederstrumpf[m]>       h4sh3d: will add meeting logs up until May 19th - need IRC log from someone for the last one (May 26th) since bridge failed then.

Jun 02 18:25:27 <h4sh3d>        but, for encoding/decoding and similar stuff it is necessary to have implementations

Jun 02 18:25:50 <h4sh3d>        lederstrumpf[m]: ok, I can upload last meeting May 26 too

Jun 02 18:26:53 <h4sh3d>        so tl;dr; this branch I shared before merges the two crates together

Jun 02 18:27:25 <h4sh3d>        to structure of core does not change, just a new module `chain` that include the other crate

Jun 02 18:27:46 <h4sh3d>        this makes implementation of core traits possible on external types (rust-bitcoin and monero-rs)

Jun 02 18:27:55 <lederstrumpf[m]>       makes sense - will require too much ugly wrapping otherwise

Jun 02 18:28:31 <h4sh3d>        yes, exactly.  there is some macro that do the wrapping, but I don't like the idea

Jun 02 18:29:26 <h4sh3d>        next thing is Schnorr and Taproot for bitcoin, I started working on it but I want to clean some stuff in the new chain module of core

Jun 02 18:29:47 <lederstrumpf[m]>       we should avoid going substrate's macro-galore route wherever possible ;)

Jun 02 18:30:12 <h4sh3d>        I started to check what's needed in rust-bitcoin to have taproot support but there is a lot to catch up before I can start contributing

Jun 02 18:30:13 <TheCharlatan>  Do you have some experiences to share there lederstrumpf[m]?

Jun 02 18:31:42 <h4sh3d>        and last thing I just published a new version of monero-rs (0.13.0) that includes a new Amount type and some work upstreamed by COMIT guys (thanks guys! and there is more coming)

Jun 02 18:32:00 <TheCharlatan>  nice!

Jun 02 18:33:34 <h4sh3d>        for the next days I want to focus on bitcoin implementation and taproot

Jun 02 18:33:53 <lederstrumpf[m]>       TheCharlatan: well, the more you macro, the more your code becomes more akin to a dsl, which discourages new contributors, since you increase the initial cost of contributing immensely, if macros are everywhere. plus utility of error messages often goes to zero when originating from inside a macro.

Jun 02 18:34:30 <h4sh3d>        do the adaptor signature with rust-secp256k1 and contribute upstream to rust-bitcoin

Jun 02 18:35:02 <lederstrumpf[m]>       sounds good h4sh3d 

Jun 02 18:35:06 <h4sh3d>        yeah, macro should be kept at minima

Jun 02 18:35:37 <lederstrumpf[m]>       I have to run an errand soon, so quick update from my side:

Jun 02 18:35:59 <h4sh3d>        that's mostly it for me. oh and I also started reading about binning, following the discussion with UkoeHB)

Jun 02 18:36:13 <lederstrumpf[m]>       I've worked on the killing of child processes within the integration tests.

Jun 02 18:37:36 <lederstrumpf[m]>       The reason it (killing of farcasterd's children) works straight up when run independently is because it kills the entire process group

Jun 02 18:38:28 <lederstrumpf[m]>       the problem with the integration tests is that the process group leader is cargo, and not farcasterd.

Jun 02 18:39:07 <lederstrumpf[m]>       so you can't do an equivalent of `kill -s SIGTERM -$PID`, which kills the entire process group $PID

Jun 02 18:39:48 *       zkao falls asleep

Jun 02 18:40:05 *       h4sh3d waking up zkao

Jun 02 18:40:18 <lederstrumpf[m]>       xD before someone else falls asleep:

Jun 02 18:40:22 <TheCharlatan>  so why doesn't it exit when cargo is done?

Jun 02 18:40:47 <lederstrumpf[m]>       I'll hack away at it for a bit more to get this working nicely, but otherwise I'll just do it hacky with grepping `ps`

Jun 02 18:41:52 <lederstrumpf[m]>       TheCharlatan: I don't know. I'd suspect double-forking, but then it shouldn't work normally either

Jun 02 18:41:57 <lederstrumpf[m]>       anyway, that's it

Jun 02 18:42:47 <lederstrumpf[m]>       unless anyone has insights on this one, which is why spelled it out

Jun 02 18:44:14 <h4sh3d>        I've no insights for you :(

Jun 02 18:47:03 <lederstrumpf[m]>       alrighty, I'll run off now then

Jun 02 18:48:33 <h4sh3d>        TheCharlatan: I'll point you to an issue or a PR on core about the integration for the wallet in node

Jun 02 18:48:50 <TheCharlatan>  ok, thank you

Jun 02 18:49:03 <h4sh3d>        I'm currently testing a concept, and if it works I want to discuss 

Jun 02 18:49:15 <h4sh3d>        I ping you when ready

Jun 02 18:50:55 <h4sh3d>        something else to share guys?

Jun 02 18:51:17 <zkao>  lederstrumpf[m]: maybe dont test using cargo

Jun 02 18:51:21 <TheCharlatan>  I pushed my latest work for integrating walletd into the daemons to: https://github.com/farcaster-project/farcaster-node/pull/37 - still draft, but I think I want to keep to the current structure, so down to tweaking and debugging now.

Jun 02 18:51:53 <zkao>  h4sh3d: i think it would be useful to know what ur planning

Jun 02 18:52:18 <zkao>  because there is already quite a bit of structure in place

Jun 02 18:54:43 <h4sh3d>        let btc_wallet = BTCWallet::new(wallet_seed); and let xmr_wallet = XMRWallet::new(wallet_seed);

Jun 02 18:54:55 <h4sh3d>        where do BTCWallet and XMRWallet are defined?

Jun 02 18:56:03 <h4sh3d>        I found, from chains directly

Jun 02 18:56:14 <h4sh3d>        it should not affect anything in the node

Jun 02 18:56:54 <h4sh3d>        but latter if we want to create the structure that is the 'Wallet' inside node we can

Jun 02 18:57:07 <zkao>  i mean the back and forward communication and api

Jun 02 18:57:08 <h4sh3d>        so no worry for the structure in place

Jun 02 18:57:41 <zkao>  what involves secret keys happens in wallet 

Jun 02 18:58:25 <zkao>  TheCharlatan worked on this more, not me

Jun 02 18:59:43 <zkao>  TheCharlatan: any feedback?

Jun 02 19:03:22 <zkao>  afk

Jun 02 19:04:58 <h4sh3d>        lederstrumpf[m]: there will be a need for formatting :) https://github.com/farcaster-project/meetings/blob/main/meeting-2021-05-28.md

Jun 02 19:06:15 <h4sh3d>        if no one has something else to say we can adjourn

Jun 02 19:07:33 <h4sh3d>        let's adjourn then, thanks everyone for joining

