Feb 02 16:32:04 <h4sh3d>	meeting here in 30 min
Feb 02 17:02:03 <h4sh3d>	Hello everyone! Who's around?
Feb 02 17:00:19 <zkao>	hey
Feb 02 17:00:51 <TheCharlatan>	whoop-whoop
Feb 02 17:01:27 <lederstrumpf[m]>	hi
Feb 02 17:04:47 <h4sh3d>	this week I've been working on the second review of monero PR #7877
Feb 02 17:05:29 <h4sh3d>	vtnerd finished his last round of comment and patches have been applied so I'm having a last round too
Feb 02 17:05:46 <h4sh3d>	I should be done by the end of the week and back in business with farcaster by then
Feb 02 17:04:33 <localmonero05>	Nice.
Feb 02 17:05:03 *	mfoolb has quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)
Feb 02 17:05:23 <TheCharlatan>	gg h4sh3d
Feb 02 17:05:44 <zkao>	i studied a bit the moderation at the level of rendez vous points, for banning bad actors in those points. like alices that dont lock their monero
Feb 02 17:06:10 <zkao>	and after discussions with the others, i guess we can get something practical going
Feb 02 17:12:12 <h4sh3d>	the idea is to integrate that king of networking in the node directly right? not having to start dozen of other software on the machine;  or you sees it as a layer ontop or above?
Feb 02 17:11:20 <zkao>	i think its going to be an independent service that runs independent from the node
Feb 02 17:11:27 <zkao>	but very small
Feb 02 17:12:05 <TheCharlatan>	we spitballed some ideas offline to add some extra proof requirements for connecting with the rendez-vous point as an extra spam and griefing filter, like proving ownership of an output, but nothing tangible has arisen from this yet.
Feb 02 17:13:28 *	mfoolb (~mfoolb@gateway/tor-sasl/mfoolb) has joined
Feb 02 17:13:51 <zkao>	but it certainly looks much more tangible now than before
Feb 02 17:16:44 <h4sh3d>	i really like the idea of output ownership that you can blacklist for a small amount of time, but we have to figure out a way that doesn't hurt privacy
Feb 02 17:14:56 <MajesticBank>	any idea to support some kind of reputation points?
Feb 02 17:17:12 <zkao>	For direct trades, one could locally assign a reputation. but if you try to gossip reputation, then you have to disclose your transactions and lose your privacy, in order to prove you are not lying about ur trades
Feb 02 17:25:29 <TheCharlatan>	I opened a PR to monero-rs to implement serialization for the amount type. I think at this point I'll go through the node again and get rid of more raw types.
Feb 02 17:28:46 <h4sh3d>	Do you want to change more stuff or do I start a review already?
Feb 02 17:28:41 <TheCharlatan>	no changes on the amounts for now.
Feb 02 17:28:56 <TheCharlatan>	Maybe I find other or better stuff along the way.
Feb 02 17:32:40 <h4sh3d>	ok, i'll give it a go then
Feb 02 17:31:03 <zkao>	i will get back into coding next week
Feb 02 17:34:59 <h4sh3d>	I just pushed the logs I have for past meetings and will do this one when we done:  https://github.com/farcaster-project/meetings
Feb 02 17:33:17 <zkao>	thank you
Feb 02 17:35:39 <h4sh3d>	if you have more logs please complete.  in december we lost the schedule and we did a 1 month meeting haha
Feb 02 17:36:15 <h4sh3d>	that's why there is now entry after 1st of dec.
Feb 02 17:36:54 <h4sh3d>	for next week I want to play with rust-bitcoin last rc
Feb 02 17:40:18 <h4sh3d>	alright, I think we can adjourn the meeting here.  thanks everyone for attending!
