I know we have a meeting scheduled in 9.5 hours, will try my best to be there, yet I may have a personal conflict, sorry.

In case I don't arrive, I wanted to note I did review the Jobs draft on HackMD (with plenty of comments), and uploaded an alternate version that is how I personally would move forward. That said, there are a lot of discussions to have about intent (brought up in said comments), and I'm excited to be able to work on combining the two into the best solution.

No problem.

Very interesting comments, I commented on yours to continue the discussion. Where can I find your alternate version?

its here -> https://hackmd.io/@farcaster/B1s7KtEiP

Thanks

I lived to comments, but I think we should keep to discussion in one place, and we already started it in the other one. I'm very happy to discuss about it, lot's of good ideas

yep, even if its hackmd, we can just commit before doing the manual "merge", and after the merge -- if we dont like we revert

im confused regarding time zones, we have a meeting now now or in 1 h?

Normally now I'd say, 16 UTC

is anyone arround?

i started modeling the event-driven temporal safety bounds for each of the protocol's bitcoin transactions

that is: when is it safe to publish each of the transactions

the events are: (1) mined transactions and (2) new block arrival

it does not handle reorgs and assumes a tx is irreversible after it was mined for n blocks

irreversible after n confirmation is ok IMO
for new blocks I had in mind to check the height of the blocks, i.g. if block A has a height of 123 and block B has a height of 123 too we don't move forward t1. (that just handle the pulse)

on the model i use a counter that adds 1 for each new block that appends to the same chain

I am around, but don't have anything to contribute

zkao where do you see this work landing on the RFCs? A new one? I think one for the bitcoin transaction might be good (we can also clarify the names of each transaction if we don't want to follow the paper)

hmm, i have it in abstract form, have to do a write up in english

haha

Yes, but I think you can start a new one like `transactions.md` or something similar about txs when you have your english version ready

sure

What I worked on this week:
 * Updated the use-cases RFC, added more definition about phases and roles
 * Changed the mocks in the use-case RFC
 * I started exploring more about Taproot/Schnorr sig within Bitcoin/etc.
 * Answered some comments from kayaba on jobs and events RFC

im looking at those jobs comments

so nano is DAG it seems, not a chain

so u cant count time using block arrival

But counting blocks is important only for the "scripted" chain

but @**Kayaba** s comment is about generalizing it, i guess

then the question is: do we need a generalization for everything or not, my take is not for everything

Hello! Sorry for being late

I think I wrote a comment saying that jobs can be "generic" but not used by all chains (but then is it very generic :p)

Hi - np

hey @**Kayaba** is Nano a DAG?

Yes, but as I said, I don't think every minor doc detail needs to carry over as perfectly accurate. I just want an acceptable epoch definition to be a timestamp in this case

cool, we enforce the implementer to teach how to count time for that chain, and that's it

*And I did realize why a new height job would be necessary in order to ensure you don't publish a TX too close to the timelock bounds; sorry about forgetting that

unix or block count

Have yet to read the responses to my comments though; literally just got back

Sounds great to me :) Thank you

im reading them now

without the case where timelock are a la PayMo (offchain), IMO we need to count blocks only on blockchain that have timelocks, implying a concept of block. no?

bitcoin accepts timestamps, but thats shaddy

IIRC

yes, it's good for longterm with margin lock, like this day in one year. and when during this days does not matter too much

Yep. Definitely not needed now

IIRC the timestamp can move inside a +- 2 hours

Definitely agree about a cancel job; thanks for ack'ing the ID :)

Though I will also  say, in regards to naming, even the initial WP used `initTx`. I'm advocating for canonical names to not have spaces, so they can be written in code. Even if we use camelCase, with watchWallet, and implementation could still use snake case.

scripted vs unscripted terminology -- i think we should focus on an Arbitrator chain and the "Other" chain hahah. Yes, im focusing on the fact that it enforces the contract, independent of whether it comes from a script of crypto wizardry

because one could do PTLC with a transaction level timelock and no scripts + adaptor signature

and chaining of offchain transactions

I agree but at the same time, is it the same protocol? do we need to be that generic? i'm not sure

well, its your fault -- your protocol is too generic haha

Best naming suggestion I've heard

haha, sry

I think we should be generic as possible UNTIL it starts damaging the protocol. A fallback where an epoch can be a timestamp, useful because Nano jobs still need a maxlife definition, doesn't hurt. Defining ten pages of macros to generate a protocol for each coin...

Arbitrator has a good meaning, can we find something that can be applied on the chain with xxx-ed and un-xxx-ed

But yeah, it is extremely generic :P

i dont understand, @**h4sh3d**

xxx-ed?

oh, like `Orchestrated` and `Unorchestrated`  (or previously Scripted and Unscripted)

But with Arbitrator, because it's a better name

Arbitrated?

@**Kayaba** you native speakers, show us the word!

Arbitrated refers to the unscripted chain :P

Ah yes, it reverses the meaning

Yeah. There isn't really an answer for arbitrate

if we keep arbitrator, what would be the other one (without trying what I suggested)

arbitrated?

I think that'll get too confusing

ok, let think about it and discuss that again latter. Is there other topics we want to discuss?

I had a note about BTC's Watch Transaction. BTC also uses Watch Wallet.

yes, but I'd say watch address instead of wallet

For the lock's funding transaction, it watches the agreed upon P2WSH

so we don't imply HD wallet

I don't think that's a risk, personally

yes, but the lock's funding transaction has a known txid, it is used to construct the latter txs. the problem is if we want to monitor an address before the lock

... it does. I was thinking of something else. Sorry.

I point you to the setp 2 on the mock: https://hackmd.io/pym9JPVlRK-RfQGOUv26aQ?view
(this mock implies lot of stuff we didn't event discussed yet, I know)

In this mock we assume "air gaped wallet" kind of. The bitcoin and monero can come from anywhere, we just provide an address to the user for where to send the funds.

air gaped wallet in the sense: not connected to our software in any ways

Yeah, sorry, I was thinking of some wallet management I did elsewhere in my implementation. Completely my fault

np

(and this descision is the exact opposite of what COMIT release for their mocks)

Our is slower because we need to wait a first time to get the btc, then you can start creating the lock and wait for the lock, their solution skip the first waiting, which is good, but implies a connection to a wallet within the full node (we don't and we only use syncers to connect to full nodes)

And again, that a proposition. What do you guys think? Any comments on this for now?

None here :) Thank you

ok. Any other topics from someone?

i like it like this better

giving away control of wallet to brand new software is kind of shaddy

andytoshi was around, and my understanding is that he guesses its possible to hide secrets in the blinding factors of the Commitments accross 2 CT chains... i guess u'd subtract two commitments or something to recover one of the blinding factors, say if blinding factors were a + b, but he didnt give much detail

interesting

I'd ask why, but sometimes it's about if you can, not if you should

(joking; that actually could be useful thanks to how frequently Rings change on XMR)

@**Kayaba** based on our comments feel free to change the main document on jobs and events

Thanks

ok.  I think we can adjourn here. Thank everyone for attending!

for me, the second document is more readable

second -> Kayaba's

then copy paste and we start from there

Though my document does explicitly define common jobs; would we be good moving to that?

Or should we wait for now? I personally stand for moving, yet it's not something I want to cause a long debate over right now ;)

yes, with the fact that some common jobs might not be used by some chains yes

but we should move to that for sure

:D Great to hear

Alrighty. I'll move over the height job I erroneously cut/make some other merges/clean it up a bit more and move it over

chain cummulative difficulty (or block DAG weight)  also encodes time, u should be able to use that

BlockDAGs have heights

They're really just blockchain lying in an attempt to look better

But yes, there are a few possible definitions. Thanks :)

invite PlasmaPower to join this channel

Can do, not sure they will

I'm here, hello :) I'm not planning on participating in general design discussions but I'd be interested in any cryptography conversations.