**h4sh3d**: Alright. It's Wednesday my dudes! Who's around?

**lederstrumpf**: ðŸ‘‹

**h4sh3d**: I think I'll start with what I did last week

**h4sh3d**: Second part of last week I had a look with zkao more deeply on the lnp/bp project

**h4sh3d**: their micro service architecture and a bit the network part

**h4sh3d**: This week I work mostly on the RFCs. We created new repo on github and created github projects

**h4sh3d**: The goal is to use the projects as a roadmap (long/short term, maybe with label or milestones) and easily distribute the work in the team

**h4sh3d**: I had a look at the mapping of RFCs to M1, commented a bit and put some reference to the Issues I created on the RFC repo

**zkao**: hi

**h4sh3d**: For the RFCs now: I worked heavily on Transaction, Cryptographic Setup (new) and Introduction (new)

**zkao**: yep, so for example https://github.com/orgs/farcaster-project/projects/1

**zkao**: there u have all the issues as todos

**zkao**: from the rfcs project

**h4sh3d**: (projects are on the github org, not on the repos)

**h4sh3d**: at least that's what we choose

**zkao**: but its the same: https://github.com/farcaster-project/RFCs/issues

**zkao**: isn't it?

**zkao**: it automatically syncs

**h4sh3d**: yes, with PRs too

**h4sh3d**: not automatic tho

**h4sh3d**: when you create an issue/PR you have in the right the option to put it into a project

**zkao**: got it

**zkao**: so i think the priorities are: finish the tranctions RFC

**zkao**: *transaction

**zkao**: finish the interdaemon/protocol communcation

**zkao**: what else?

**h4sh3d**: client-daemon: instructions and state digests

**h4sh3d**: the transactions for me is now ready, we can improve the temporal safety chapter, but the rest is in good shape

**zkao**: lederstrumpf: i would like to work on the protocol messages thing -- i m more available than u at the momement

**lederstrumpf**: cool, then do it

**zkao**: can u focus on the client-daemon one?

**lederstrumpf**: sure

**zkao**: h4sh3d things https://hackmd.io/YfMko2WPR9iITsw4MsLcPA#Bitcoin-transactions-temporal-safety is too verbose

**zkao**: if u can terse it up, that would be cool too

**lederstrumpf**: I'll add that as a later TODO, but I think it's no priority atm if the issue is verbosity.

**TheCharlatan**: ^ wanted to add the same r.e. verbosity

**h4sh3d**: I don't know if verbose is the right word, maybe we can compact a bit

**zkao**: he is alive!

**h4sh3d**: rescued from the baboons!!!

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: verbosity is the right word then ;)

**h4sh3d**: ok ^^

**lederstrumpf**: > <@h4sh3d:matrix.org> rescued from the baboons!!!

or the baboons are typing ðŸµ

**TheCharlatan**: fletches his teeth.

**h4sh3d**: For the one who will work on the protocol messages: have a look at the Transactions and Crypto. RFCs, to get the names for the keys and transactions

**h4sh3d**: I want to finalize the Crypto part related to the cross-group DLEQ so we have a good idea of all the data that must transit through the client/daemon and over the wire

**zkao**: waves a banana

**zkao**: actually i started work on formalizing the protocol as petrinet on the statebox editor

**zkao**: https://disco.process.io/xmrbtc_protocol_msgs

**zkao**: they didnt open it up yet

**TheCharlatan**: ^ what is that?

**TheCharlatan**: Ah, nevermind, found some more information.

**h4sh3d**: we don't have access without been logged zkao

**h4sh3d**: maybe we can check next week the petrinet when it's open

**zkao**: i really like how expressive it is for the interaction between the participants

**lederstrumpf**: ah, great that it will be opened!

**zkao**: one thing i would like to discuss is: do we really need to be passing so many txs around

**zkao**: will it? i ve been asking

**lederstrumpf**: ah, I assumed from h4sh3d's message that they will

**lederstrumpf**: nevermind then

**lederstrumpf**: ask another pretty please!

**h4sh3d**: the only change we made on the protocol described in the whitepaper

**h4sh3d**: is to remove the secret s

**h4sh3d**: and share the signature from Bob to Alice: \sig\hat_1 when s was shared

**h4sh3d**: (with btx buy at the same time)

**zkao**: cant Alice and bob compute all transactions independently given after exchanging the session parameters

**zkao**: ?

**h4sh3d**: so yes, all the tx there needs to be send

**h4sh3d**: if we ensure that txid matches maybe

**h4sh3d**: I think COMIT did something smaller than sending the whole tx over the wire

**h4sh3d**: the lock tx data must be shared at the beginning as bob is the only one to know the txid

**h4sh3d**: of the pre-lock tx

**zkao**: yep, that i get

**h4sh3d**: But I think it's not a problem, we don't have much to share and reducing tx footprint will not reduce the number of communication round

**zkao**: i find it a bit dirty to be passing txs around like that

**h4sh3d**: consider the tx in the whitepaper as: the smallest amount of data to reproduce that tx on the other side, and yes sometimes it might be zero data

**zkao**: especially for analying the protocol

**h4sh3d**: I let you do the rest :)

**h4sh3d**: I have a question about state_runtime.md, when I migrate and clean the RFC can I remove it?

**zkao**: cool, what do u mean by the smallest amount of data ...?

**lederstrumpf**: ok, so then `BTX_lock` in https://hackmd.io/M0uYws_5S7K6k1j5l8b6qw#Data1 we can cut down to the txid of the pre-lock tx since Alice has the other missing pieces for reconstruction from the initialization data?

**zkao**: https://hackmd.io/q_olx-0jQ4C8jX9KADlFXQ ?

**h4sh3d**: lederstrumpf: yes I think so (but we should double check that)

**h4sh3d**: zkao: yes this one, do we migrate the content somewhere else or is it just a brainstorming sheet (we can have it only on hackmd tho)

**zkao**: i think i wrote that

**zkao**: if the recover state is documented elsewhere, just delete it

**h4sh3d**: I think the recover state will be somewhere, but it is not already

**h4sh3d**: we want to migrate that part in the Architecture RFC IMO

**h4sh3d**: (there is a lot of work to do on Architecture, but I let it for latter, i.e. next week)

**lederstrumpf**: quickly on the daemon-client RFC:

**lederstrumpf**: I compressed the initialization messages to one single message from each party since there's no benefit in receiving the information piecemeal

**lederstrumpf**: and integrated TLV types

**lederstrumpf**: https://hackmd.io/ASzYCe0oQsSbDwXLRlgnQw

**lederstrumpf**: I've kept the normal `Data` entry next to the `TLV Data` entry as documentation of the purpose of each field

**lederstrumpf**: if looks good to you, I can reformat the protocol messages in the same way (and ping zkao once done so that he takes over interdaemon for the next while)

**lederstrumpf**: otherwise, zkao can do it. I'm also fine with working on it in parallel.

**zkao**: i want to finish the petrinet descriptor first, because it is a precise spec for implementation

**h4sh3d**: So Data describe the fields (documentation and TLV Data is how they serialized, correct?

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: yes

**zkao**: can u link precisely -- didnt get it, lederstrumpf

**zkao**: wjat os mpr,a; data?

**zkao**: what is normal data*?

**h4sh3d**: I'll have a look at it and modify the names, so they match the other RFCs

**lederstrumpf**: zkao:

**lederstrumpf**: https://hackmd.io/ASzYCe0oQsSbDwXLRlgnQw#Data
Data documentation

**lederstrumpf**: https://hackmd.io/ASzYCe0oQsSbDwXLRlgnQw#TLV-Data
TLV encoded data

**lederstrumpf**: and the type field I haven't assigned a concrete numbering to yet - just specified the relative offsets

**zkao**: ok, its the same data, on different formats?

**h4sh3d**: it's definition and encoding

**lederstrumpf**: yup, definition & encoding

**zkao**: ok, i get it

**h4sh3d**: I'm gonna propose more generic names and try to find a better way to express if an Instruction is available for Alice and/or Bob

**h4sh3d**: But it looks good already

**zkao**: i will have to take some time to state digest that

**lederstrumpf**: yup, the `a | b` and `alice | bob` suffixes are a bit awkward, and not generic

**h4sh3d**: Worth noting: during the initialization in the whitepaper everything is done at the same time, in reality we will have two rounds of communication between Alice and Bob

**h4sh3d**: but client -> daemon we can send everything (as you did) and daemon -> daemon creates the commit/reveal rounds

**zkao**: u mean, the arrow <->

**h4sh3d**: yes <-> is more corret

**h4sh3d**: *correct

**zkao**: what parameters do u have to commit/reveal?

**h4sh3d**: yes

**h4sh3d**: ^^

**h4sh3d**: I don't know yet

**h4sh3d**: The monero keys for sure

**h4sh3d**: the rest I have to think about it

**h4sh3d**: monero spend keys more precisely

**h4sh3d**: and the bitcoin keys used for buy and refund IMO

**h4sh3d**: so you cannot adapt your keys based on what you received

**zkao**: actually these parameters are parametric on the btc crypto construction

**lederstrumpf**: can you fiat-shamir it?

**lederstrumpf**: at least for the monero spend keys

**h4sh3d**: why?

**lederstrumpf**: nevermind, don't think you can

**lederstrumpf**: anyway: we're also running overtime

**h4sh3d**: account for a two-round communication during the daemon <-> daemon init phase

**h4sh3d**: yes. before we close I let you give feedback on logos

**h4sh3d**: I think we should have it done by the next Community update which is next week

**h4sh3d**: The link again: https://hackmd.io/JupwciI7Q7CZ5L1IWrdJDg?view

**h4sh3d**: M.2 is for me the best one

**lederstrumpf**: my clear favorites are c.1, j/k, and l

**zkao**: this community is the best

**zkao**: lol

**lederstrumpf**: especially l :D

**h4sh3d**: we have to think about where it'll be used, and we should choose something that can be used only with the icon

**h4sh3d**: L is the greatest one, we all agree on that :)

**zkao**: no we dont have to agree on that :)

**zkao**: but it i

**zkao**: but it is*

**h4sh3d**: L is also a warm hole ;)

**zkao**: worm hole. monero is the head, bitcoin is the shitcoin

**zkao**: lol

**zkao**: and casterfar -- what is that

**zkao**: ?

**zkao**: haha

**lederstrumpf**: yup, L is awesome in far too many dimensions to keep track of :D!

**h4sh3d**: we should choose d. so bitcoin cash community will be happy haha

**h4sh3d**: b. too

**zkao**: do we know if the reddit community picked a winner?

**h4sh3d**: they didn't organized any rating

**h4sh3d**: I contact needmoney90 and sgp, huge thanks for their help by the way

**zkao**: i didnt expect this amount of submissions

**h4sh3d**: one propose either we choose or we also ask on the -community channel

**h4sh3d**: I think we should see if one make everyone happy here, if it's the case we can just announce it on the next update

**h4sh3d**: if we don't reach consensus here I propose we ask for arbitrage on -community

**h4sh3d**: what do you think?

**sgp_**: np h4sh3d, just trying to help out :)

**zkao**: we're devs -- what do we know about branding?

**sgp_**: pick whatever logo you want really, these are just ideas to get your started

**sgp_**: *you

**sgp_**: :p

**lederstrumpf**: if not the official logo, I'd at least like L as an easter egg somewhere

**zkao**: for sure

**lederstrumpf**: but L is also my preferred contender for the official logo

**lederstrumpf**: issue is it scales badly as an icon

**zkao**: u cant make an icon out of that

**lederstrumpf**: but maybe for that, one uses an alternative small version that skips the details, so looks more like e/f

**sgp_**: lmao you can't go with L

**lederstrumpf**: y? :(

**h4sh3d**: I would go for an e. version, and put the L as an easter egg, L is not serious it was a joke, a good one

**zkao**: sgp_: u ask devs to decide!

**lederstrumpf**: c.1 (i.e. also m.3) is the smartest logo that scales well to small size

**lederstrumpf**: its fusion of XMR & BTC is top notch

**lederstrumpf**: so if L is vetoed for primary logo, my vote is c.1

**h4sh3d**: For me it's between c1/m3 and e/m2

**h4sh3d**: c.1 fusion is great, but you have to know both logo to get it, e is a bit more obvious IMO

**h4sh3d**: easy to grasp I mean by obvious

**lederstrumpf**: e/m2 are also good, but that could have been done for any two coins, and the detail will scale worse when you downsize

**h4sh3d**: the more I look at c.1/m.3 the more I like it

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: this is intended for XMR community, I don't think "easy to grasp" is a necessary design constraint to optimize for :P

**h4sh3d**: yeah ok, fair enough

**zkao**: im good with c1/m3

**h4sh3d**: Alright, we let some time for TheCharlatan and kayabaNerve to give an opinion on c.1/m.3

**lederstrumpf**: cool, sounds good

**h4sh3d**: Ok, I propose we try to do a quick sync on Friday to see how everything goes

**h4sh3d**: for people that are around

**h4sh3d**: like ~14h UTC

**lederstrumpf**: 14h00 UTC works for me.

**lederstrumpf**: but I think that's quite early for kayabaNerve

**h4sh3d**: I don't know if he's available anyway with the current problems in Texas

**h4sh3d**: If he wants to join and 14 is too early we can move the meeting

**zkao**: but c1 doesnt look that great small

**h4sh3d**: none will look great small, but I think it's ok still

**zkao**: the casterfar one haha

**lederstrumpf**: zkao: how small are you thinking?

**h4sh3d**: and small will not be the primary usage

**zkao**: webbrowser tabs

**lederstrumpf**: the text gets too small, yes

**h4sh3d**: yeah ok lmao

**lederstrumpf**: but logo should scale roughly like the XMR logo does

**h4sh3d**: we don't care that much for browser tab icon

**h4sh3d**: it's gonna look like the getmonero.org one which is good

**h4sh3d**: what we want know is branding the GitHub organization

**h4sh3d**: and latter for a website like farcaster.dev

**lederstrumpf**: the $ line gets a bit fuzzy, agreed, but the design can still be optimized

**h4sh3d**: anything else? or we adjourn and lederstrumpf can post the logs on github :p

**lederstrumpf**: happy to adjourn

**h4sh3d**: Thanks for joining! bye

**zkao**: ciao

This topic was moved by @_**lederstrumpf|361568** to #**general>irc-monero-swap**