**kayabaNerve**: Yo

**h4sh3d**: Hey

**h4sh3d**: ping TheCharlatan lederstrumpf zkao

**lederstrumpf**: hi

**zkao**: hi, im there

**h4sh3d**: Alright, lets wait another minute if people want to join

**zkao**: i reviewed all PRs, except for user stories

**h4sh3d**: great

**h4sh3d**: ok, let start

**h4sh3d**: Greeting everyone!

**h4sh3d**: I don't have too much to say for today

**h4sh3d**: there was a list of PRs, that got merged this afternoon

**kayabaNerve**: I've been following the git progress :) Really shaping up.

**h4sh3d**: yes, we are reaching completion on the first CCS sub-milestones

**zkao**: u did a good work, i guess our syncing here is about what do we need next from the RFCs

**zkao**: i think most issues are open on that

**h4sh3d**: thanks, yes we have to plan a bit the work for the 2-3 next weeks now

**h4sh3d**: we might miss some issue to fully cover all the sub milestones from M1.

**h4sh3d**: I let you guys review and complete the list

**zkao**: lederstrumpf, would u be ok in going though the RFCs and opening issues for what is not covered?

**lederstrumpf**: yup, I'll take care of syncing up the milestone coverage

**h4sh3d**: now that the RFCs are mostly stabilized I'd like to know what part of the code you would like to work on

**zkao**: i started working on the interactions between components

**zkao**: and would like to work on that for the comming days

**zkao**: kayabaNerve: how is your availability these days?

**zkao**: are you still willing to work on the syncer?

**kayabaNerve**: zkao: I wanted to, and planned to, yet I got sidetracked. A close firend threw something at me that took up my past week :/ Will also likely take the next 4-5 days. It's only that I can work on this. Sorry. Should've communicated better there.

**zkao**: no, its not urgent

**zkao**: just checking if u r working on it on the long run

**kayabaNerve**: Definitely planning to :)

**kayabaNerve**: Should be able to start this weekend.

**TheCharlatan**: h4sh3d anything with sockets is up my alley.

**h4sh3d**: we have the idea to base the node architecture on the lnp/bp node one, which uses 0mq to connect the services

**zkao**: shall we start breaking the lnp node?

**h4sh3d**: there is sockets there ;)

**TheCharlatan**: also, great progress this week - I wanted to contribute some more useful things, but my current work required some more commitment the past few days and still will for the rest of the week.

**TheCharlatan**: yeah, I think that would be what I would like to start with.

**TheCharlatan**: ^ (in response to zkao's question)

**zkao**: there is also this amount recovery on monero-rs that h4sh3d mentioned before

**h4sh3d**: for reference: https://github.com/LNP-BP/lnp-node

**kayabaNerve**: Yep. I submitted a PR for it before Farcaster started :P

**kayabaNerve**: *Saying that to point out how it's been a long desired feature; it shouldn't have been merged

**kayabaNerve**: It didn't have proper cohesion with the rest of the codebase, nor test vectors IIRC. The use of owned TxOuts is really rough to work with.

**zkao**: https://github.com/monero-rs/monero-rs/issues/7

**kayabaNerve**: It's an algorithm I grabbed from my Python implementation, and ported to Rust for use in asmr.

**kayabaNerve**: So the point was just so submit it back upstream

**kayabaNerve**: My bad. I ended up not submitting a PR; just sending the link to my branch with it. https://github.com/kayabaNerve/monero-rs/tree/output_amount

**h4sh3d**: it's a good start, with this feature we can also introduce an Amount type to represent Monerujo

**h4sh3d**: also something probably needed latter

**zkao**: kayabaNerve: open a PR

**kayabaNerve**: Can do

**kayabaNerve**: Done

**h4sh3d**: I think it would be good to have contact with mobile wallet developer to talk about what is feasible on a mobile platform or not. I've an idea has I do/did mobile development but not at the level of a wallet and with potentially complicated network interactions.

**h4sh3d**: someone posted something on monero.social IIRC, but we didn't got the contact at the end

**TheCharlatan**: h4sh3d afaik all their special networking is done by libwallet, so the network interactions are mostly dicateted anyway

**h4sh3d**: or monero.space

**h4sh3d**: don't remember

**kayabaNerve**: I really dislike the lack of alternative implementations in the space :(

**TheCharlatan**: kayabaNerve - same!

**kayabaNerve**: Seen my own impl? :P Wrote one years ago

**kayabaNerve**: ... One year ago?

**TheCharlatan**: yes :)

**kayabaNerve**: Alrighty :P

**kayabaNerve**: Had to check

**kayabaNerve**: It's actually where I got the output amount decrypt + verify algo from

**kayabaNerve**: But yeah. At one point, I debated expanding it to a full node

**TheCharlatan**: I need to bail early, will have better availability next week.

**h4sh3d**: ok, I think we are done. Let's adjourn here the meeting

**h4sh3d**: we can still continue discussing stuff of course

**h4sh3d**: thanks guys

**zkao**: cool, thanks, hope to see PRs from all of you in the coming weeks

**lederstrumpf**: I had to attend to something short notice - sorry for dropping off

**lederstrumpf**: > now that the RFCs are mostly stabilized I'd like to know what part of the code you would like to work on

I'd like to work on state representation & management, in particular daemon<->client

This topic was moved here from #**general>irc-monero-swap** by @_**lederstrumpf|361568**