**kayabaNerve**: Will miss today's meeting; wanted to note I did read through the LNP node we discussed so thoroughly last time. Happy to provide my opniion if it doesn't get settled today, as I've been helping rather minimally due to other parts of my life. Actually quite sorry about that...

**zkao**:  cool, feel very welcome to do it async, we're reading all msgs here

**lederstrumpf**: hey all ðŸ‘‹

**h4sh3d**: Hello

**zkao**: hoi

**areaman**: hello

**zkao**: the community update didnt go too well, but we kind of expected it by adding LN in teh middle

**zkao**: we should also ask for feedback with the more technical/less political part of the community

**zkao**: i guess on MRL after this meeting?

**lederstrumpf**: yeah, I think that would be fruitful

**lederstrumpf**: for reference in case someone missed it: https://www.reddit.com/r/Monero/comments/l9offg/farcaster_community_update_january/

**zkao**: but i think it was mostly misunderstanding from the follow up comments

**zkao**: that we somewhat managed to ellucidate

**areaman**: I have a question. Is there anyone working on an Ethereum client / daemon for farcaster in addition to BTC? My understanding is farcaster is designed to be modular and support more chains than just BTC. I saw a reference that someone wanted to do LTC along with BTC as a proof of concept but I think ETH would be more valuable

**h4sh3d**: Yes, I hope we clarify our intents

**zkao**: ethereum is a very different beast

**zkao**: and its out of scope for the next year for us (rest of community can do whatever they feel like)

**areaman**: if I wanted to tackle this myself it would be OK?

**zkao**: of course

**h4sh3d**: to be frank we don't have plan currently to add ETH support, but what you said is correct, the protocol allows it, implementation is quite different tho. If you want to help then of course

**zkao**: its open source, permissionless, no need to ask for permission

**h4sh3d**: If I would do it now, I'd start by drafting a smart contract that is similar too the game we designed with the BTC transaction

**h4sh3d**: that's something I can give feedback quite easily if you start doing it

**areaman**: OK, thank you. I am a credentialed and highly experienced dev who previously worked at a top 10 exchange in the blockchain team. I had a child and decided to take some time off. I have been doing a grand survey of projects, what is cutting edge, what interests me, talking to people. I am a huge fan of XMR and the atomic swap project has piqued my interest strongly. I am considering launching a new project but have been trying

**areaman**:  to decide what would be an alignment with my own interests, ideals, and benefit to the space. I think helping farcaster might be a good use of my time

**lederstrumpf**: > if I wanted to tackle this myself it would be OK?

not just OK, that would be supercool! :)

**zkao**: feel free to hang around and ask questions and stuff, but we're not big experts on ethereum -- you probably are though

**h4sh3d**: I'm very pleased to hear that, don't be shy and come poke us here whenever you want/need!

**zkao**: ethereum is usind ECDSA :(

**areaman**: ethereum has had very strong advancements in layer 2. All manner of software implementation in smart contracts can be done efficiently in L2 without any game-theoretic requirement nonsense (true L1 but on L2)

**h4sh3d**: Yes, I'd say that's the first or second biggest challenge in supporting both BTC/ETH at the same time. As you might have seen, we are currently focusing on Schnorr/Taproot for BTC

**areaman**: is it possible to do monero atomic swap without schnorr release? i worry the timeline for that could be a long time

**areaman**: given btc moves like glacier

**zkao**: well, mining support is north of 90%

**lederstrumpf**: it is possible but requires a production-ready library for doing ecdsa adaptor sigs

**zkao**: and schnorr/taproot is in the bitcoin-core codebase for a couple of months already

**lederstrumpf**: libsecp1k1 does not expose primitives for this

**lederstrumpf**: 256k1*

**h4sh3d**: yes but glacier are melting nowadays... it moves faster ;)

**areaman**: if mining is 90% support, wouldn't it be all set then? or do they need to activate a parameter in their config or something

m.reaction

**areaman**: or is it a fork date?

**zkao**: this is a survey, not using bip9 / bip8

**zkao**: https://taprootactivation.com/

**h4sh3d**: bitcoin network needs to agree on the deployment method, so no fork date already, but the rest is all set and network already express the willing of an activation

**h4sh3d**: that's the 90% we're talking about

**lederstrumpf**: that is, the question really isn't IF, but HOW at this stage, with a few deployment methods available

**zkao**: anything else of interest in the ethereum swap?

**zkao**: we see u have a new RFC, lederstrumpf

**lederstrumpf**: yup, it's for the inter-daemon messaging protocol: https://hackmd.io/M0uYws_5S7K6k1j5l8b6qw

**lederstrumpf**: it omits any negotiation or pre-swap exchange, but it's an open question whether we want that anyway

**lederstrumpf**: anyway, it's linked into https://hackmd.io/pym9JPVlRK-RfQGOUv26aQ to show where these messages feature in the different phases of a swap.

**lederstrumpf**: error handling still has to be catered for - it's currently one catch-all `abort`

**lederstrumpf**: also, the types need a scheme, maybe a numbering scheme like in https://github.com/LNP-BP/lnp-core/blob/master/src/message.rs, but I felt that's premature at this stage.

**zkao**: did u get the difference between blockchain roles and swap roles?

**zkao**: happy that u notice that is premature, that behinders a lot to have to keep track of number stuff at this stage

**h4sh3d**: Good to have the link with user storie rfc. I made a exhaustive list of keys needed for Taproot in the transaction rfc, we should make sure that it matches: https://hackmd.io/YfMko2WPR9iITsw4MsLcPA

**lederstrumpf**: > did u get the difference between blockchain roles and swap roles?

yes, I believe I corrected all the spots where that was inconsistent?

**zkao**: i like how the rfc for communication between counterparty daemon is comming along, thanks

**h4sh3d**: You still have a note at the bottom on Aliceâ€™s role in user stories, is it resolved now?

**zkao**: lederstrumpf:

**areaman**: > anything else of interest in the ethereum swap?

**areaman**: if i pursue this i will have tons of questions :)

**areaman**: but for the moment, i will be reading

**zkao**: this is the way

**lederstrumpf**: 
@h4sh3d: well, it's still a TODO, and I don't know what you were planning to define here