Oct 06 12:53:24 <h4sh3d>	Meeting on an hour
Oct 06 13:59:08 <zkao>	im awake
Oct 06 13:59:17 <zkao>	in time :D haha
Oct 06 14:01:17 <h4sh3d>	Hi
Oct 06 14:02:40 <zkao>	TheCharlatan lederstrumpf[m] ping
Oct 06 14:02:43 <lederstrumpf[m]>	Hi
Oct 06 14:05:41 <h4sh3d>	Maybe I can start sharing some of my work this week
Oct 06 14:05:05 <zkao>	topics to discuss: feature-freeze, finalize and deliver M2 of the CCS (=a functioning node), along with a community update
Oct 06 14:06:05 <h4sh3d>	and maybe also time of the meeting (if we want to move it)
Oct 06 14:07:02 <lederstrumpf[m]>	kayabaNerve: I'll get back to you after the meeting to not thread together different discussions.
Oct 06 14:07:44 <lederstrumpf[m]>	> and maybe also time of the meeting (if we want to move it)
Oct 06 14:07:44 <lederstrumpf[m]>	I'm fine with the current time, but also flexible to move it
Oct 06 14:08:14 <zkao>	as i wrote here a couple of days ago, im mostly complete with swapd, now the work is really just clean up, but im not doing it while lederstrumpf is changing the same file
Oct 06 14:08:23 <zkao>	and i have stuff to do till thurday
Oct 06 14:09:33 <h4sh3d>	I worked on some crate around farcaster, testing some docker stack with our node (not published yet), and improving CI for our rust project (more decentralized management/more access for releases etc)
Oct 06 14:09:46 <h4sh3d>	also available to review and merge what's coming from lederstrumpf[m]
Oct 06 14:09:30 <zkao>	i left a PR open, because merging it was causing some dependency error, not sure why, but did not investigate
Oct 06 14:09:43 <zkao>	so just pinned a commit of core that was working
Oct 06 14:10:33 <zkao>	/ithub.com/farcaster-project/farcaster-node/pull/125
Oct 06 14:11:30 <h4sh3d>	i'm happy to help aligning dependencies once lederstrumpf[m] says go
Oct 06 14:11:34 <zkao>	the thing is that he doesnt haha
Oct 06 14:11:46 <lederstrumpf[m]>	haha ^^
Oct 06 14:12:41 <h4sh3d>	lederstrumpf[m]: what is the state of splitting the messages
Oct 06 14:12:54 <h4sh3d>	when do you think #153 will be ready
Oct 06 14:13:26 <h4sh3d>	(ready to unlock the current knot, even if not 100% as it should be)
Oct 06 14:14:22 <lederstrumpf[m]>	I think #153 is ready, but I changed it again a lot yesterday
Oct 06 14:16:36 <h4sh3d>	so I can review and then help on the node for integration
Oct 06 14:16:37 <h4sh3d>	perfect
Oct 06 14:16:21 <lederstrumpf[m]>	The CommitParameters message still does the commitment to the proof too, and it's only separate Reveal messages now
Oct 06 14:18:24 <h4sh3d>	commitment to the proof? what do you mean
Oct 06 14:17:55 <zkao>	h4sh3d: you take care of integrating everything, we have a few days to test, and then we publish the progress report to the community?
Oct 06 14:18:52 <h4sh3d>	sounds good
Oct 06 14:18:30 <lederstrumpf[m]>	yes, commitment to the proof
Oct 06 14:18:54 <lederstrumpf[m]>	actually, do we even need a commitment to the proof?
Oct 06 14:19:41 <h4sh3d>	nope
Oct 06 14:19:54 <h4sh3d>	we commit to all the keys (and maybe other parameters later)
Oct 06 14:20:05 <h4sh3d>	then reveal all the keys + reveal the proof
Oct 06 14:20:18 <h4sh3d>	but the proof is already a commitment
Oct 06 14:19:44 <lederstrumpf[m]>	yeah, the commitment to the keys already covers that
Oct 06 14:20:51 <h4sh3d>	RevealProof is enough in your PR
Oct 06 14:21:12 <zkao>	so what is the action plan, it looked clear but not anymore so, lets set a deadline on this one
Oct 06 14:21:18 <lederstrumpf[m]>	yup, lol - I'll remove the CommitProof message
Oct 06 14:21:19 <zkao>	im afraid it will lag for weeks
Oct 06 14:21:30 <lederstrumpf[m]>	deadline Friday?
Oct 06 14:21:37 <zkao>	no, a realistic one
Oct 06 14:22:53 <h4sh3d>	lederstrumpf[m] I can work on this, complete your PR, today so core is updated asap
Oct 06 14:22:17 <lederstrumpf[m]>	alright, aim for Monday, deadline Wednesday.
Oct 06 14:23:09 <h4sh3d>	the node will be a bit longer
Oct 06 14:23:02 <zkao>	by wednesday we publish the report to the community?
Oct 06 14:23:12 <zkao>	i can work on the report
Oct 06 14:24:35 <h4sh3d>	I think if we validate next Wednesday the report and publish it it's good
Oct 06 14:24:30 <zkao>	sounds like a plan
Oct 06 14:26:19 <zkao>	no new shit in please, till we finish
Oct 06 14:27:12 <h4sh3d>	lederstrumpf[m], LGT you?
Oct 06 14:27:22 <lederstrumpf[m]>	yup, LGTM
Oct 06 14:29:59 <h4sh3d>	zkao: looking at the node currently, IMO it's better to merge #125 first, then cherry-pick and continue building on-top of the work done in #124
Oct 06 14:32:00 <zkao>	i dont care
Oct 06 14:32:16 <lederstrumpf[m]>	h4sh3d: removed the proof commitment in #153
Oct 06 14:32:19 <zkao>	as far as i dont have to redo work
Oct 06 14:32:30 <zkao>	or do double work
Oct 06 14:33:06 <zkao>	all this trouble is because im building on top of lederstrumpf
Oct 06 14:33:18 <zkao>	branch
Oct 06 14:33:43 <lederstrumpf[m]>	and I can finish #124 and rebase on top of #125
Oct 06 14:34:28 <zkao>	but its a shitty dev experience to be for over a week applying patches to be able to work
Oct 06 14:34:37 <zkao>	being super careful about the files being changed
Oct 06 14:35:33 <h4sh3d>	lederstrumpf[m]: good, can you rebase #153 on upstream/main, so I review and merge!
Oct 06 14:35:25 <zkao>	this big changes have to be merged quick, it makes me anxious
Oct 06 14:36:18 <h4sh3d>	lederstrumpf[m]: yes let's do it like that, you finish and rebase 124 on-top of 125
Oct 06 14:37:43 <h4sh3d>	lederstrumpf[m]: I'm taking care of resolving conflict in #125 and then merge in main so you can rebase #124, ok for you?
Oct 06 14:37:15 <lederstrumpf[m]>	yup, that's good
Oct 06 14:38:19 <h4sh3d>	alright, plan is clear, thanks everyone.  let's move on to the next topic
Oct 06 14:37:58 <lederstrumpf[m]>	> lederstrumpf: good, can you rebase #153 on upstream/main, so I review and merge!
Oct 06 14:37:58 <lederstrumpf[m]>	done
Oct 06 14:39:44 <h4sh3d>	so anyone wants to change the meeting hour? I'm fine with what we have but also flexible
Oct 06 14:40:01 <h4sh3d>	IIRC some people talk about doing it a bit later
Oct 06 14:40:17 <h4sh3d>	any opinions?
Oct 06 14:39:42 <zkao>	i dont like the current time, but since these meeting are happening sporadically
Oct 06 14:39:46 <zkao>	im fine with it
Oct 06 14:39:56 <zkao>	but it they were weekly
Oct 06 14:39:58 <zkao>	afk
Oct 06 14:42:18 <h4sh3d>	we can try to bring it closer to the MRL again
Oct 06 14:42:52 <h4sh3d>	lets see if someone has a strong opinion to move it, then we move
Oct 06 14:43:04 <h4sh3d>	but for now let's continue this schedule
Oct 06 14:45:02 <h4sh3d>	we should take care of our meeting logs, last one is 07-07
Oct 06 14:45:34 <h4sh3d>	lederstrumpf[m]: do you have access to the logs? otherwise I can push the files (raw logs without format)
Oct 06 14:46:49 <lederstrumpf[m]>	I'd be good with having it right before MRL again, so at 16h00 UTC. Or 15h00 UTC also works, if that's too late.
Oct 06 14:47:54 <lederstrumpf[m]>	No, I don't have access to logs since zulip bridge went down.
Oct 06 14:52:16 <h4sh3d>	ok, I push the raw logs in git
Oct 06 14:52:33 <h4sh3d>	but I don't have a way to format good
Oct 06 14:52:53 <h4sh3d>	I'm sure you EMACS foo will do the job ;p
Oct 06 14:54:06 <lederstrumpf[m]>	only vim bindings & clojure - no emacs foo ;)
Oct 06 15:13:32 <h4sh3d>	alright, let's adjourn
Oct 06 15:13:37 <h4sh3d>	thanks everyone for attending

