**h4sh3d**: Hi, meeting will start soon

**zkao**: hoi

**lederstrumpf**: hey

**h4sh3d**: I think this meeting can be kept short, nothing new from my side

**zkao**: if kayaba doesnt show up i guess we can do a quick meeting, as i guess most of the team is caught up

**zkao**: anyone external joining the meeting today?

**h4sh3d**: I've been working on core this week. The PRs from last week have been merged by zkao.

**h4sh3d**: I'm focusing on integrating the cryptography now, which require some changes in the traits definition

**h4sh3d**: overall all good on my side, it just take more time than expected

**zkao**: i completed the transition from farcasterd to swapd, that is the initiation of the swap

**zkao**: from both sides, maker and taker

**zkao**: what is missing is the stuff i PRed uptream to internet2

**zkao**: that is, support on the peer connection

**zkao**: im working on the swapd for the next week again

**lederstrumpf**: just started working on integration tests for farcaster-node (microservices glued together at the rpc level) and will focus on this for the next week.

**TheCharlatan**: I started working in farcaster-node as well with the goal of creating a separate wallet daemon.

**h4sh3d**: great!

**h4sh3d**: Unless someone else has something to share we can adjourn :)

**h4sh3d**: it was a quick meeting this time :P

**h4sh3d**: Thanks everyone