**h4sh3d**: Hi everyone! As I mentioned two weeks ago, I’m having a break. Family size increased by one, yeah!!! I’ll be completely back starting in February, still here for answering questions or if help needed tho.

**gingeropolous**: congrats h4sh3d !

m.reaction

m.reaction

m.reaction

m.reaction

m.reaction

m.reaction

m.reaction

**zkao**: congrats, you, self-reproducing-automata -- we suspect the +1 was grown out of your beard

m.reaction

**zkao**: hey all, whos around?

**lederstrumpf**: that beard leaves room for *many* +1s to spawn from :D

m.reaction

**lederstrumpf**: am around - ready to start on my side

**zkao**: kayabaNerve TheCharlatan

**zkao**: so what have u been up to lederstrumpf ?

**TheCharlatan**: Ah damn, I messed up the time again. Hi!

**lederstrumpf**: I started working on the gluing of the RFCs we have so far to get them into a cohesive structure, and also map these to the deliverables for the specification milestone (M1)

**TheCharlatan**: Also congratulations, h4sh3d!

**lederstrumpf**: https://hackmd.io/pym9JPVlRK-RfQGOUv26aQ
I think this RFC provides a good entry point for newcomers to get an overview and then branch out from there.

**lederstrumpf**: https://hackmd.io/jy_CmJ10Tryun6hv8ron6Q?view
I propose we keep track of how the RFCs relate to the milestone deliverables over here

**zkao**: on that process do u think you can adapt the RFCs to reflect that we might inherit the microservice structure of lnp node?

**lederstrumpf**: yes, that would mostly pertain to https://hackmd.io/vTCjO2-ySr6SB7ObuJMhnA?view#Farcaster-Architecture initially

**zkao**: true

**lederstrumpf**: we may want to split that one up, but I actually like that bigger RFC as a complete reference for the structure

**lederstrumpf**: in terms of outstanding RFCs for the milestone deliverables, we have not written down any of our planning for `swap-libs` API and the networking stack yet

**lederstrumpf**: lnp node's microservice structure would also pertain heavily on the latter

**lederstrumpf**: to the latter*

**zkao**: hmm, we have to be careful with latex in hackmd

**zkao**: it looks shit on github

**lederstrumpf**: it renders fine on gitlab, no?

**zkao**: our repo is on github

**zkao**: so, from your recent work, what are the easier milestones to complete at this time?

**zkao**: TheCharlatan, u will have more time these days, what are you planning to work on?

**lederstrumpf**: well, all of them still require specification of the networking stack (except for `swap-lib`s spec, but we haven't touched that)

**zkao**: u mean, the transport layer?

**lederstrumpf**: yes

**zkao**: why does that matter?

**lederstrumpf**: not sure what you mean: it's a constituent of most of the submilestones in `M1`

**lederstrumpf**: we can do any submilestones from `M1.B` if we want to defer the networking stack for later

**zkao**: the application layer should not be contaminated with underlying infrastructure

**lederstrumpf**: yes, the network stack should be a separate RFC and not spread its roots into the application layer RFCs

**lederstrumpf**: nonetheless, still required for unlocking submilestones

**zkao**: ok, for me that is not obvious

**zkao**: how should we go about that?

**lederstrumpf**: if we're going for zmq, draft an RFC that specifies zmq as the networking stack

**lederstrumpf**: so let's take a closer look at lnp-bp's architecture in this regard and move forward from there

**zkao**: they segregate the OSI layers

**lederstrumpf**: anyway: barring the network stack question, I think `M1.C: Specification of chain-syncer` is the easiest submilestone to tick off

**zkao**: for me what is missing is the public api each service provides

**zkao**: not how communication is done

**lederstrumpf**: I agree - I've mentioned the missing public API as TODOs in https://hackmd.io/jy_CmJ10Tryun6hv8ron6Q

**TheCharlatan**: yeah, the api seems more pressing to me as well.

**lederstrumpf**: I'll work on the inter-daemon and daemon-syncer APIs next

**zkao**: cool, so we have to clearly state the message types

**zkao**: an example here: https://github.com/LNP-BP/lnp-core/blob/master/src/message.rs

**lederstrumpf**: lgtm

**zkao**: the comit people also specified the protocol msgs here: https://github.com/comit-network/xmr-btc-swap/tree/master/swap/src/protocol

**zkao**: go under alice and bob

**zkao**: not sure if its the same as in h4sh3d's paper though

**zkao**: this is the node handling messages example: https://github.com/LNP-BP/lnp-node/blob/master/src/channeld/runtime.rs

**zkao**: l209

**TheCharlatan**: To answer your earlier question, and to fill the information we discussed out of channel in here, zkao: I spent yesterday reading through the existing RFCs, and I spent some time thinking about the monero adaptor signature proposal that andytoshi made last month. We then took a small tour through LNB/BP's proposed architecture, and I think it is really nice.

**TheCharlatan**: I'm not sure though how far they really are with the implementation, and if we're not overengineering a bit.

**zkao**: except that the repos are being restructured and what was true yesterday isnt today

**lederstrumpf**: over-engineering in terms of striving for compatibility?

**zkao**: or u mean a monolith would do it?

**TheCharlatan**: not in terms of full compatibility,  or dividing the application into microservices, but for example I don't foresee the app having to route anything.

**TheCharlatan**: ^ and, yeah, just read about the change in repository structure as well zkao.

**zkao**: hmm, so in practice we have more than what we need at our hands

**zkao**: but we shouldnt make assumptions about the future, because we'll be certainly wrong haha

**zkao**: multi-hop lightinging monero swap using ptlc doesnt look too far fetched, tbh

**TheCharlatan**: Maybe :) . Maybe I'm just concern-trolling myself to make sure we make the correct decision.

**zkao**: i will keep studying their codebase as well

**zkao**: and we should run the nodes to see how ugly they behave

**zkao**: lederstrumpf: for msg passing as TLV
https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc/blob/master/01-messaging.md#type-length-value-format

**lederstrumpf**: thanks!

**zkao**: hey, theres is the MRL meeting now

**zkao**: lets close these meeting here, and please be more active in the channel, not in private, please

**lederstrumpf**: let's wrap here then

**lederstrumpf**: ciao all!