**h4sh3d**:[m]	Shall we start the meeting?

**zkao**:	lederstrumpf TheCharlatan ping

**lederstrumpf**:	yes

**lederstrumpf**:	I've pinged TheCharlatan - he's very sick atm, so may be recovering

**lederstrumpf**:	so I'd just start now

**zkao**:	what we have to tackle this week is to write a community report

**h4sh3d**:[m]	did you see what I started?

**zkao**:	oh right

**h4sh3d**:[m]	(and Hello everyone!)

**h4sh3d**:[m]	:) 

**kayabaNerve**:	I hope he feels better soon!

**kayabaNerve**:	Hello, all :)

**h4sh3d**:[m]	The community update is in the Farcaster hackmd team, I organized a bit with tags and clean all the notes that where linked to RFCs

**h4sh3d**:[m]	I'll remove the hackmd access to the github org now, I forgot to do it

**zkao**:	cool

**h4sh3d**:[m]	I suspended and not removed it, easier if for some reason we want to reuse hackmd

**zkao**:	it looks like everyone is working

**zkao**:	what are the topics we have to sync?

**h4sh3d**:[m]	as you can see the RFCs evolved a LOT during this past two weeks

**h4sh3d**:[m]	I encourage everyone, myself included, to have a full read from 0 to 8, so we can all be aligned

**zkao**:	and align the RFCs themselves too, i gues

**h4sh3d**:[m]	and catch inconsistencies, open issues for discussing the point that are not clear, etc...

**h4sh3d**:[m]	another new thing: if you go to the org page you can see in tabs Projects: (3)

**h4sh3d**:[m]	when we create issues and PRs let's add them into those projects so we can organize the work latter

**kayabaNerve**:	Definitely will do. Likely today as I set it aside for a few things

**h4sh3d**:[m]	the RFCs project has been used a bit already

**h4sh3d**:[m]	for now on discussion about RFCs topics should happen on GitHub (issue or PR) so we can be more async and treat more general stuff during our weekly meeting

**h4sh3d**:[m]	IMO

**lederstrumpf**:	yup, that's a better place to keep track of this than linear irc chat

**kayabaNerve**:	Are we dropping Zulip?

**lederstrumpf**:	no

**kayabaNerve**:	Hasn't really been used so far tbh. Just haven't seen an 'official' comment either way and the IRC meetings are still there

**kayabaNerve**:	Alrighty. Thanks for clarifying

**kayabaNerve**:	\*It has been used; it hasn't been used recently unless I'm failing to read the UI. GH Projects also sounds like a direct alternative, yet creating a thread there is probably more of a pain...

**lederstrumpf**:	I agree it hasn't been used much, and I think we should use it more for segregating parallel discussions, but GitHub is a good place for many of these.

**h4sh3d**:[m]	agree

**lederstrumpf**:	s/good place/better place/

**kayabaNerve**:	Hence my question :P Thanks for the clarification

**kayabaNerve**:	I always do prefer bundling code + discussion into one place

**h4sh3d**:[m]	you right that we can question the utility of zulip for now, but I would not remove it, first because it's use to extract meetings logs and may be used more latter

**h4sh3d**:[m]	what we can try is GH Discussions, this is exactly what zulip would provide us

**lederstrumpf**:	let's just play by ear - there's no maintenance cost in zulip since it's publicly hosted by zulip in any case

**h4sh3d**:[m]	exactly

**kayabaNerve**:	Sure

**zkao**:	lederstrumpf: can u go carefully through the formal spec, and possibly improve notation/catch mistakes?

**h4sh3d**:[m]	https://github.com/farcaster-project/RFCs/discussions

**h4sh3d**:[m]	looks interesting

**lederstrumpf**:	zkao: gladly

**zkao**:	if github go evil, we might lose our projects and discussions tab

**h4sh3d**:[m]	yes, same as issues and pr threads

**zkao**:	issues there r tools to extract, i read

**h4sh3d**:[m]	last topic from me: you can see a baby library on farcaster-core, it's the result of little hours of coding only, but I wanted to start coding so I did

**h4sh3d**:[m]	for now the interesting part is: https://github.com/farcaster-project/farcaster-core/blob/main/src/messages.rs

**h4sh3d**:[m]	the definition of protocol messages

**h4sh3d**:[m]	my goal was to have generality 

**h4sh3d**:[m]	it is generic, but I'm wondering if the Arbitrating blockchain is e.g. ethereum, do you need all the keys or are the transaction similar

**h4sh3d**:[m]	it works well for any UTXO based blockchain, but I think it's not fully general

**h4sh3d**:[m]	the other interesting part is: https://github.com/farcaster-project/farcaster-core/blob/main/src/negotiation.rs

**zkao**:	why negotiation, not offer?

**h4sh3d**:[m]	Where offer and public offer are generic over the pair avec Arb./Acc.

**h4sh3d**:[m]	because of the negociation phase, offer might work tho

**h4sh3d**:[m]	\*offers

**zkao**:	so what r the phases?

**zkao**:	user stories: negotian and swap?

**h4sh3d**:[m]	negotiation and swap (RFC 01 and 02)

**kayabaNerve**:	ETH moves logic into a SC; you can still apply a UTXO mindset to it with TX order/keys needed

**kayabaNerve**:	(as in, you still define a machine with state where each action is performed only once)

**h4sh3d**:[m]	Might work, but not the most efficient way of implementing it then

**lederstrumpf**:	> why negotiation, not offer?

**lederstrumpf**:	I find the name negotiation more descriptive of the purpose of that utility file, despite it only containing structs related to offers so far.

**lederstrumpf**:	In particular once you start importing things from other crates, `crate::negotiation::Offer` zooms into the context nicely, minimizing cognitive overhead

**zkao**:	negotiation::Barganing

**lederstrumpf**:	good too

 \*	lederstrumpf sent a long message:  <https://matrix.org/_matrix/media/r0/download/matrix.org/TRCfmCAVwnbDGHnkQQZWavEU/message.txt>

**lederstrumpf**:	not sure about projects & discussions

**h4sh3d**:[m]	I don't mind mirroring Gh to Gl, but for me Gh should stay the main tool for now

**lederstrumpf**:	yeah, I'm not disputing that

**h4sh3d**:[m]	discussions are beta feature so probably not importable

**lederstrumpf**:	anyway: I'll just do it, and then we'll see what remains preserved

**h4sh3d**:[m]	I know :), so mirroring is fine for me. but I'm not sure it cover us much

**h4sh3d**:[m]	\*I know that you're not disputing 

**h4sh3d**:[m]	kayabaNerve: have you look at the logos and the one we proposed?

**h4sh3d**:[m]	number 1 here : https://imgur.com/2CMloDT

**h4sh3d**:[m]	what do you think?

**kayabaNerve**:	Sorry! Stepped away to take care of my dog

**kayabaNerve**:	I remember seeing these, but don't have too much stake in it.

**kayabaNerve**:	As for personal opinion, definitely not 3, and I prefer 2. 1/4 lose our generic aspects to note our origins

**h4sh3d**:[m]	you can have a look at all logos here: https://hackmd.io/JupwciI7Q7CZ5L1IWrdJDg

**h4sh3d**:[m]	agree on the generic part, and zkao had the same thoughts, but I think for now, as we are focusing on btc/xmr the 1 is fine, and latter we might do a new one more generic

**h4sh3d**:[m]	there was some really good ideas about using the Wormhole concept

**lederstrumpf**:	> As for personal opinion, definitely not 3, and I prefer 2. 1/4 lose our generic aspects to note our origins

**lederstrumpf**:	If the concern is genericity, we can easily use the following, and just replace the two logos, in an order appropriate for whichever we feel is the shitcoin ;)

**lederstrumpf**:	https://i.imgur.com/eP6uexU.png

**lederstrumpf**:	on another note: MRL meeting has started, so we should close here

**h4sh3d**:[m]	Yes, let's adjourn, thanks everybody

**kayabaNerve**:	Out of 1//4, I prefer 4, personally

**h4sh3d**:[m]	It was our second choice, the problem is when minimized it's a bit harder to know what it's all about

**h4sh3d**:[m]	but yeah, I really like this version too

**kayabaNerve**:	And to reply to lederstrumpf, that's horribly cursed lol

**kayabaNerve**:	c1 definitely has more personality than c4



