**freeorb**: Hello. Is there a weekly meeting today at 16:00 UTC?

**h4sh3d**: Yes

**freeorb**: h4sh3d: perfect, thanks. Excited to listen in if I may.

**h4sh3d**: Hi!

**freeorb**: Hello.

**h4sh3d**: Let's wait a minute for others to join

**h4sh3d**: ping zkao lederstrumpf kayabaNerve

**h4sh3d**: I can start with my past week

**h4sh3d**: we learned about the LNP/BP project

**zkao**: hey there

**zkao**: got distracted with admin

**h4sh3d**: the project is related to the lightning network, what is interesting is there implementation of LN

**h4sh3d**: it's very generic and there architecture is somewhat close to ours

**h4sh3d**: we think that we can benefit a lot from their work, so we are currently learning about there codebase and RFCs

**zkao**: During CCC I was brought to attention the project "LNP/BP" (lightning network protocol / bitcoin protocol). While studying that work, it became clear to me that what they propose as a generalized-lightning node is a node for executing offchain game-theoretical/cryptographic protocols that potentially settle on chain or on a channel, such as payment channels or discreet log contracts or the bitcoin side of atomic swaps. To achieve that generalization, they chose a microservice architecture with many small daemon that are highly specialized, and communicate using msg buses.

**zkao**: In practice we could potentially reuse some of their architecture, and get a lot of stuff for free, and only focus on the core of functionality which is unique for the current protocol.

**zkao**: Lightning network ecosystem has evolved a lot, and standards for a lot of the plumming required have been worked out already and implemented a couple of times.

**h4sh3d**: networking/plumming is a big part of the project and is the most obvious example of what we might be able to reuse

**h4sh3d**: besides that I also worked a bit on MuSig2 adaptors, i got a clear view now

**zkao**: we have to talk to those guys, they are in #lnp-bp

**h4sh3d**: yes

**h4sh3d**: I think we'll start coding soon, even if all RFCs are not complete. that will help us to iterate on them and e.g. test lnp-bp integration

**zkao**: the thing we get is: it becomes very easy to create a dex, and easier to latter integrate settling the BTC-XMR atomic swap in a lightning channel, rather than on btc chain

**freeorb**: can you elaborate on the networking/plumming part?

**zkao**: inherit lots of standards developed by inumerous good people on building a financial network

**zkao**: two peers have to find each other and agree on a price

**zkao**: and the assets to exchange

**zkao**: where r they gonna find each other?

**zkao**: in practice u'd want it to be in a p2p network, not on a centralized order book

**freeorb**: p2p orderbook

**zkao**: yep

**h4sh3d**: but that's future work guys

**zkao**: so we would be already in the p2p of lightning network

**zkao**: if they dont kick us out haha

**h4sh3d**: yes

**h4sh3d**: but first, even if they know how to find eachother they have to connect

**h4sh3d**: the idea is to use tor

**freeorb**: that's exactly what OpenDEX is building btw

**h4sh3d**: their project already has this implemented

**freeorb**: https://github.com/opendexnetwork/opendex

**zkao**: besides our architecture is pretty distributed, so we must do a lot of networking between components

**freeorb**: and there's a working implementation of this on mainnet right now (super low liquidity though)

**h4sh3d**: are you part of opendex team?

**freeorb**: yes, I've been building the reference implementation for ~2 years now

**h4sh3d**: thanks for sharing, I'll have a look

**zkao**: i didnt find any code in their github

**zkao**: we will have a look at the project in detail

**h4sh3d**: i found impl by another team

**h4sh3d**: Exchange Union Daemon

**freeorb**: yep, that's it

**h4sh3d**: freeorb: we currently describe the simplest usecase possible for bootstraping a swap, you can find the description here: https://github.com/farcaster-project/RFCs/blob/hackmd/user-stories.md#negociation-phase

**zkao**: ok, so its this: https://github.com/ExchangeUnion/xud

**h4sh3d**: let me know if you have comments on that, but i'll definitely have a look at opendex to have a better idea on how we can evolve latter

**h4sh3d**: ...and potentially intergrate

**freeorb**: yes, but the p2p/networking part is is all secondary tbh. The main work is getting the core swap flow to work (both happy and unhappy cases).

**freeorb**: aftewards you can integrate with whatever DEX protocol (or ideally multiple)

**zkao**: exactly, that is why we're trying to find a good starting point

**zkao**: such as a library that encompasses many standards and will probably be maintained for a long time upstream

**h4sh3d**: anything else someone wants to share?

**zkao**: but besides the DEX part, that u seem to know about, there is the private contract execution btw the 2 counterparties, which is a direct connection that is used to send swap protocol msgs

**zkao**: there is a lot of networking involved, at different levels

**h4sh3d**: yes, and that's what I was referring before

**h4sh3d**: and they also use Noise for building the encryption protocol, which I very like

**zkao**: this is the project we think looks promissing: https://github.com/LNP-BP/

**h4sh3d**: and they based (but not only) the message passing between components on ZMQ, which was our first choise too

**h4sh3d**: on a personal level, I'll be off during the following weeks (not sure exactly for how long, but back at the end of January for sure). I can still answer on IRC or give feedback when needed, so feel free to ping me

**zkao**: no worries,  i will

**zkao**: :P

**h4sh3d**: great!

**h4sh3d**: i think that's it for me

**freeorb**: thanks h4sh3d and zkao. I'll get more up to date with farcaster-project GitHub in the coming weeks.

**freeorb**: my technical understanding of Monero is still very limited, unfortunately

**zkao**: nice, thanks for joining today

**freeorb**: but I'd really like to see XMR-BTC swaps become a reality

**h4sh3d**: yes thanks for joining and sharing

**h4sh3d**: ok, let's adjourn here

**zkao**: we are trying to build something long-term maintainable, and in a way that we can partially delegate small untrusted tasks to components that might not be run by the end-user, for example

**zkao**: the issue with the swap is horrible UX because of the lenght of time it takes to realize it

**freeorb**: zkao: you mean that after publishing the BTC funding tx the protocol will have to wait before moving forward with the execution?

**zkao**: after bob's btc funding tx confirmed for a few blocks, alice publishes monero tx and bob waits for it to become confirmed for a few blocks, thereafter bob can safely go through on happy path with one extra btc tx that has to get mined OR very slowly cancel with 2 txs

**zkao**: for the sake of correctness, its alice that publishes the last btc transaction on the happy path, but bob blocks her by not letting her have a valid signature for this tx, until he feels safe (in XMR-lock confirmations) to give her the last piece of information to make the happy buy tx valid.