**h4sh3d**: We have a meeting now, let's start when people are ready

**kayabaNerve**: Hello!

**lederstrumpf**: hi!

**h4sh3d**: wow, very punctual everyone :)

**lederstrumpf**: it's a dull Wednesday :P

**areaman**: hi

**zkao**: cheers guys

**lederstrumpf**: I'll already share the RFC I worked on (daemon-client communication protocol), but we don't have to discuss it first - just in case someone wants to skim it in the background:
https://hackmd.io/ASzYCe0oQsSbDwXLRlgnQw?view

**zkao**: is reading

**h4sh3d**: We may start with a round table, what have you been up to this last week?

**zkao**: i know we havent discussed this too much so far, but if we end up using message buses for communication, there is no hierarchy of components, and client might submit txs straight to syncer

**lederstrumpf**: that may be preferable for reducing required trust in the daemon, in case it's compromised.

**zkao**: and on all other components, the edge nodes interact directly then

**areaman**: researching everything i can on BTC/XMR atomic swaps, the papers explaining all the cryptography and theory, getting all the background knowledge, dusting off my textbooks from university, planning all the architecture for XMR to ETH layer swaps, working on whitepaper for said protocol.

Thank you everyone I have DMd for your patient explanations and guidance

**lederstrumpf**: it's currently a fully-trusted component, but since it never handles private keys, perhaps we can cut down on attack vectors by providing a direct client->syncer route

**zkao**: areaman: did u study carefully the User Stories / High Level Protocol?

**h4sh3d**: I personally think that our representation and having messages buses are not incompatible, might change a bit some messages but not the concept

**zkao**: could u remind me what ur expertise is?

**areaman**: > <@zkao:matrix.org> areaman: did u study carefully the User Stories / High Level Protocol?

i am continuing to do so. My project is sort of ancillary to farcaster itself which is focused on BTC

**h4sh3d**: I updated the User story RFC to be more specific about the Negotiation phase. It should be more complete now

**zkao**: h4sh3d: its not incompatible for sure, we can recreate all the interactions we want, but it might be better to drop unnecessary hierachy

**areaman**: > <@zkao:matrix.org> could u remind me what ur expertise is?

i am a dev

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: nice that we agree on the spelling of _negotiation_ now :P

**zkao**: areaman: yes, i know that ðŸ™‚ but u r only interested in ethereum, not the bitcoin swap?

**areaman**: > <@zkao:matrix.org> areaman: yes, i know that ðŸ™‚ but u r only interested in ethereum, not the bitcoin swap?

I am very interested in the bitcoin swap and farcaster implementation. I can DM you with more details so I do not fill up channel

**zkao**: no need, just that there r so many things to do on the btc swap, maybe u could find something that might interest u

**kayabaNerve**: We are working on a generic setup, which is my main commentary about lederstrumpf's work; very specific naming conventions and so on. As for the jobs themselves though, they look good :)

**kayabaNerve**: But yeah, priority is definitely BTC...

**lederstrumpf**: kayabaNerve: yup, it's currently very oriented towards a BTC/XMR atomic swap. I'm happy to generalize this towards arbitrating/accordant naming scheme later, but drafting with BTC/XMR naming conventions initially is faster for me.

**h4sh3d**: We could use the names describe as Roles, but harder to read at first glance: https://github.com/farcaster-project/RFCs/blob/hackmd/user-stories.md#roles

**kayabaNerve**: lederstrumpf: Definitely :)

**h4sh3d**: great!

**kayabaNerve**: Not trying to undermine your process :P

**zkao**: hey kayaba, what is the state of amount recovery on monero-rs?

**zkao**: https://github.com/kayabaNerve/monero-rs/tree/output_amount

**zkao**: i might work on that if u wont

**kayabaNerve**: zkao: I took code I wrote for asmr and placed it in there. It's completely untested and not something I properly scoped due to the ownership policies in the codebase providing conflicts

**h4sh3d**: TLDR: don't use it in PROD ;p

**kayabaNerve**: So basically, the algorithm is valid and in Rust; it's just a matter of integrating it. I think that compiles at least?

**kayabaNerve**: Ha. If you're fine with a poor API that should be cleaned...

**zkao**: ok, will have a look at it

**h4sh3d**: IIRC the API I had in mind what a bit different, but it's not a big deal

**h4sh3d**: PR are better to discuss this kind of stuff anyway

**kayabaNerve**: h4sh3d: Here I am saying I'm not a fan of how I did it :P

**lederstrumpf**: ^^

**h4sh3d**: I think an important step now is to validate our user stories,

**h4sh3d**: so we don't build something not usable

**h4sh3d**: So if you have any comments on that RFC please share

**kayabaNerve**: https://github.com/MerosCrypto/asmr/blob/master/src/coins/xmr/verifier.rs#L81 for the algorithm which I did use in my work

**h4sh3d**: IMO it might be the first one to move from draft to ... something else better than draft :p

**zkao**: send_secret sends what secret key?

**zkao**: lederstrumpf, on the document

**zkao**: oh, i see, u described the paper, not the current version

**h4sh3d**: I think that's because of the paper, but we simplified it

**lederstrumpf**: zkao: that's s, the secret to be hashed in the success path of the `SWAPLOCK` script.

**h4sh3d**: COMIT pointed out that we can get rid of it by sending the other sig from the 2-of-2 a bit latter (it replaces the secret)

**lederstrumpf**: gotcha, I went with the paper for now since it's most stable

**zkao**: ok, i call that syncronization secret key

**lederstrumpf**: but will then update with COMIT's pointer

**lederstrumpf**: which actually symmetrizes the initialization phase for Alice & Bob, so no longer have to spec different API calls for them there

**h4sh3d**: On that topic, as I said yesterday we have different possibilities to implement the Bitcoin tx crypto. Three to be exact

**h4sh3d**: And all of them might slightly influence the content exchanged in the messages

**h4sh3d**: But I think it's possible to describe it in an agnostic way

**h4sh3d**: The three possibilities:

**h4sh3d**: 1. ECDSA in v0 Segwit script

**h4sh3d**: 2. Schnorr in v1 Segwit script (so Taproot but only using scripts)

**h4sh3d**: 3. Schnorr in v1 Segwit with MuSig2

**h4sh3d**: currently the number 3 is described in RFC Transactions: https://github.com/farcaster-project/RFCs/blob/hackmd/transactions.md

**h4sh3d**: But I'll extend the RFC to explain the three methods

**h4sh3d**: And thinking about it, we might start with number 2. instead of number 3.

**lederstrumpf**: I think that's more realistic

**h4sh3d**: It's Schnorr, but doesn't require mature MuSig2 library with adaptor schemes

**h4sh3d**: and 2. is closer to 1. in terms of messages and the way it is in the whitepaper

**h4sh3d**: but it is as private as 1., the best is still 3.

**zkao**: yes, i think its a good mid-ground to start actually

**kayabaNerve**: I personally see value in the most minimal forn too, but I'm not saying we should but work towards it tbc. Commenting there's value in having a btc-ecdsa, btc-schnorr. and btc-musig libs

**kayabaNerve**: But targeting #2 sounds great to be clear. Not trying to disagree

**zkao**: we should try to structure it such that it works more like extensions

**zkao**: if we manage to get the messaging agnostic to the which extention is being used

**kayabaNerve**: That could also work.

**zkao**: by messaging, i mean, the interaction

**zkao**: although musig2 adaptor is by itself a full fledged protocol

**zkao**: with interactions

**lederstrumpf**: has there been work on PSBT (https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/doc/psbt.md, https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0174.mediawiki) yet wrt Taproot compatibility?

**h4sh3d**: Good question... I don't know

**zkao**: @lederstrumpf on the state digest topic, my take is client just represents markings, which represent swap state, and know nothing about the state beyond this abstract representation

**lederstrumpf**: yup, but should client receive a fresh marking from the daemon in every state digest? it can also simply receive which transitions were fired and then play its net representation forward in time

**zkao**: well, its harder to recover the client if it was offline

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: if there is (or we add it ourselves), then using PSBT inside our spec would make sense wrt treating the tx crypto agnostically

**lederstrumpf**: @zkao, true. in that case, the client could receive a vector of all past transitions to recover, or initialize from the current marking provided by the daemon.

**h4sh3d**: would it? as it should be bitcoin specific right. we might want to wrap this

**lederstrumpf**: ah, agnostic in that sense ^^

**h4sh3d**: we will figure this out latter IMO

**lederstrumpf**: sure, then PSBT might be the concrete instantiation of a more general crypto tx interface ;)

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: agreed - let's figure out later

**zkao**: yep, and different components/extensions pass PSBTs around

**h4sh3d**: with zkao we want to create a more detailed roadmap for the project, that target around 1 month of work

**h4sh3d**: 
so we can more formally distribute the work to be done and integrate new resources as TheCharlatan

**zkao**: does anyone know when TheCharlatan will be back to live?

**lederstrumpf**: he'll be back in a week, I believe

**lederstrumpf**: unless baboons maul his bones

**zkao**: hahaha

**h4sh3d**: ^^

**h4sh3d**: about roadmap, my goal is to have all the RFC in good shape to move out from hackmd by next Friday. then I'll start working on crypto libs

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: have you started on a roadmap yet?

**h4sh3d**: we started listing different todos on the whiteboard

**lederstrumpf**: I suggest starting with this for scoping the month's work: https://hackmd.io/jy_CmJ10Tryun6hv8ron6Q?view

**h4sh3d**: I think we can have a draft on Friday

**lederstrumpf**: ah, ok

**lederstrumpf**: anyway: you can use the above for reference of what's been completed so far

**h4sh3d**: Yes we can cross reference at some point, we chosed to not start from the milestone structure

**lederstrumpf**: ack

**zkao**: lederstrumpf u r a spec lover, we want to get momentum

**zkao**: and u made the spec deliverables too complicated for hackers :P

**lederstrumpf**: n'ack

**lederstrumpf**: ^^

**lederstrumpf**: there's a comment in line 80 of https://hackmd.io/ASzYCe0oQsSbDwXLRlgnQw?both I'd quickly like feedback on

**kayabaNerve**: Good idea IMO

**lederstrumpf**: rather have singular interfaces for every cryptographic data that the daemon consumes from the client, or provide it in an initialization bag like in https://hackmd.io/M0uYws_5S7K6k1j5l8b6qw?both ?

**lederstrumpf**: since the secret is gone, the initialization bags for Alice & Bob are actually the same

**h4sh3d**: I think compressing make sense

**h4sh3d**: On message with all the parameters

**h4sh3d**: *One

**lederstrumpf**: yup, I see no reason why the daemon should get these bite-sized

**zkao**: i always thought it would be compressed on one msg

**lederstrumpf**: ok, that's sufficient feedback for me to proceed with it ;)

**lederstrumpf**: anything else someone wants to raise in the last 5m of the meeting?

**zkao**: yep, january sucked for us, and sucked too much time, and we have to get our shit together and move fast

**h4sh3d**: I think in daemon client RFC we might specify the arguments or a message for when the client starts the daemon during the negotiation phase

**lederstrumpf**: agreed, january was a complicated month

**h4sh3d**: But we got a new potential dev :), we have to wait some years before he can work but still

**zkao**: hahaha --- good that maternal leave for beard individuals is so short ;)

**lederstrumpf**: :D

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: I expect his input no later than 2023 - you're both in deep trouble otherwise!

**h4sh3d**: ^^

**lederstrumpf**: > I think in daemon client RFC we might specify the arguments or a message for when the client starts the daemon during the negotiation phase
agreed

**h4sh3d**: lederstrumpf: happy to discuss about daemon parameters regarding the negotiation phase

**lederstrumpf**:  * > 
I think in daemon client RFC we might specify the arguments or a message for when the client starts the daemon during the negotiation phase

agreed

**zkao**: lets try to get a short term roadmap by the end of the week

**h4sh3d**: yes

**lederstrumpf**:  * 
> I think in daemon client RFC we might specify the arguments or a message for when the client starts the daemon during the negotiation phase

agreed

**zkao**: cool, see ya soon

**lederstrumpf**: also quick comment on both inter-daemon & daemon client protocols: I don't have any strong opinion on the return type of the calls.

**lederstrumpf**: hence why they're all `void | bool (message delivery status)`

**lederstrumpf**: so if anyone has strong opinions on these, very welcome to interfere

**lederstrumpf**: anyway, that's all from my side, ciao all!

**kayabaNerve**: I generally value being able to check a result of true

**kayabaNerve**: C'yall!

**h4sh3d**: Alright, thanks everyone for joining! Let's adjourn

**h4sh3d**: lederstrumpf: can you post the meeting on GitHub?

**zkao**: lederstrumpf we need also to pass around version and compatibility between daemons

**zkao**: to see if the communicating daemon supports the same features

**h4sh3d**: yes, like crypto choice 1. 2. or 3. e.g.

**h4sh3d**: oh and DLEQ zkp might be multi choice too

**h4sh3d**: and is dependent on the traded pair

**lederstrumpf**: h4sh3d: yup, will post on GitHub tonight

**lederstrumpf**: zkao: that could either be an initialization message before any swap takes place, or a version identifier sent with every message

**lederstrumpf**: second route would avoid problems with an upgrade during a swap

**zkao**: did u read BOLT1?

**lederstrumpf**: which you should never do in production, obvs

**lederstrumpf**: yup, lemme look it up again quickly

**lederstrumpf**: zkao: ack - aligning with BOLT #1 seems like a good choice