**kayabaNerve**:	Morning, everyone.

**zkao**:	hey

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	Hello

**kayabaNerve**:	zkao: Did merge as you asked since my remaining comments are questions/discussion' not necessary changes.

**zkao**:	i left unresponded what was not my changes

**kayabaNerve**:	Saw that on the explanation

**zkao**:	hey everyone, who is around, shall we start?

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	Can I ask a question?

**zkao**:	sure

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	So a major problem is that bitcoin fees are through the roof so some malicious node could burn through a person's bitcoin when they're trying to sell it for monero, if the bitcoin is sent and locked up first, are there any good ways to get around this?

**zkao**:	reputation, unfortunately

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	How badly does that hurt privacy?

**zkao**:	the people from comit claim they have a solution, by locking monero first

**kayabaNerve**:	Having the less trusted party move first would also help

**kayabaNerve**:	Which requires locking XMR first, as zkao pointed out

**zkao**:	but we dont see how that could be possible to lock monero first

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	Is that something cryptographically possible?

**zkao**:	without a hardfork 

**zkao**:	on the monero chain

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	Might a hardfork be necessary then, or do we seem to be pointing towards reputation as the way to do it?

**kayabaNerve**:	Monero wouldn't hardfork over this

**kayabaNerve**:	Or at least, I extremely doubt they would, and I personally wouldn't support it.

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	Why?

**kayabaNerve**:	It's a change to the signature algorithm for this niche purpose

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	What does that signature algorithm change entail?

**kayabaNerve**:	And such a change may offer security issues which aren't worth the complexity for what it yields

**zkao**:	no, its about chaining transaction, kayabaNerve 

**zkao**:	offchain

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	what does that mean, chaining transactions offchain?

**kayabaNerve**:	Well, I was about to say they could also change transactions.

**kayabaNerve**:	But that'd be a whole mess and there's a reason they haven't already.

**zkao**:	WillSellBody4Xmr: its a technical thing, u need to have a fully signed transaction before publishing a lock tx

**zkao**:	fully signed refund\* tx

**kayabaNerve**:	zkao: Right, yet said signature needs an adaptor to cause Bitcoin recovery, no?

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	I wouldn't like changing the signature algorithm too, that sounds bad, what signature algorithm do we use now, and what's proposed, just curious, not asking for it or saying it's a good idea, it sounds like a bad idea, but I'd like to know.

**kayabaNerve**:	I may have messed up how I'm remembering this

**zkao**:	kayabaNerve:  that is issue two, but thats easy to solve

**zkao**:	"easy" = easier

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	lol

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	How long have you guys been professional software developers?

**kayabaNerve**:	I thought adaptors wouldn't be this hard to impl (months of blocking), so knowing there's another issue does line up. But I concede I'm not the most knowledgable person in the room :P Sorry for interrupting your explanation

**zkao**:	2 weeks haha

**kayabaNerve**:	WillSellBody4Xmr: Long enough to know a massive privacy oriented cryptocurrency should neither change their signature algorithm nor TX format to enable XMR first swaps

**kayabaNerve**:	Those 2 weeks feel like so long....

**kayabaNerve**:	WillSellBody4Xmr: It is an interesting idea. Just a lot to do for a little is my end point.

**zkao**:	WillSellBody4Xmr: there is a need to figure out some sort of way to avoid people DOSing, forcing to lock btc and asking for refund

**kayabaNerve**:	But I'm not the monero community. Such a fork, with whatever tech it needs, isn't impossible. You'd just need the community to adopt it.

**lederstrumpf**:	at 2 weeks, zkao is by far our most senior developer

**zkao**:	kayabaNerve: my understanding it has a hit on blockchain storage

**kayabaNerve**:	I always like the idea of a web of trust. I trade with X, giving 1 point of trust. They tell me "Trust Y, Z" (random selection), and I weight that by how much I trust X.

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	do/should we trust the COMIT people?

**zkao**:	that is also needed for payment channels

**kayabaNerve**:	WillSellBody4Xmr: It's not a question of trust

**kayabaNerve**:	They're competent developers. We just went down different paths.

**zkao**:	they want to make an OTC

**kayabaNerve**:	zkao: Maybe? I'm still interested in PayMo 

**zkao**:	what is paymo?

**kayabaNerve**:	Just as a side note there. VDF swaps would enable * <-> *

**kayabaNerve**:	Lightning on XMR via VDF signatures

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	It's so frustratingly ironic and hilarious that the reason atomic swaps will get held up is that bitcoin has fees through the roof.

**kayabaNerve**:	So while this is BTC <-> XMR or BTC <-> NANO, PayMo based swaps would theoretically enable XMR <-> NANO; no scripted side. Signatures all the way down.

**kayabaNerve**:	Has a poor UX though.

**kayabaNerve**:	@WillSellBody4Xmr: A few months ago BTC fees would've been cheaper than ETH.

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	What are your guys' thoughts on NANO?

**zkao**:	kayabaNerve: that is too far fetched

**zkao**:	lets do our meeting first

**kayabaNerve**:	I actually looked at using BTC as the scripted coin, to swap against ETH, solely to lower fees. Worked out.

**kayabaNerve**:	zkao: There's a paper ?\_ (?)_/? 

**kayabaNerve**:	But yes, we should do our meeting

**kayabaNerve**:	Very sidetracked here

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	Oh I thought we were doing our meeting, is there an official agenda?

**kayabaNerve**:	Sorry about that. I know I'm a major cause of said sidetracking

**zkao**:	we have to catch up with each other

**zkao**:	the people actively working on the project

**zkao**:	things were a bit weird, too much back and forward messaging between client and daemon, and weird api

**zkao**:	thus we moved to client the responsability to build the transactions. 

**kayabaNerve**:	Meaning? Don't both sides build the TXs?

**kayabaNerve**:	(as a requirement to verify them)

**kayabaNerve**:	Sorry, bit out of the loop with the latest farcaster-core.

**zkao**:	both sides = client and daemon?

**zkao**:	but for that, client obviously needs access to more data than before, such as counterparty signatures, txids, keys etc. But the information flow between components is now pretty straighforward, unlike before

**kayabaNerve**:	Oh. Sorry. I thought you meant the two parties.

**kayabaNerve**:	Not the client/daemon. Misread that.

**kayabaNerve**:	On me, sorry.

**zkao**:	https://github.com/zkao/RFCs/pull/1

**zkao**:	h4sh3d did a pull request on the RFC

**zkao**:	daemon verifies everything

**kayabaNerve**:	Yep. Just misread your messaage.

**zkao**:	but now im really happy with the communication between components

**zkao**:	that was the weird bit

**zkao**:	kayabaNerve: did u have a look at farcaster-core

**kayabaNerve**:	After the last meeting, yep.

**zkao**:	cool

**kayabaNerve**:	Beyond distaste for use of Alice/Bob, especially when we have Arbitrating/Accordant, LGTM

**zkao**:	Arbitrating/Accordant are chains

**zkao**:	Alice and Bob arent chains 

**zkao**:	haha

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	(could you explain what arbitrating and accordant are?)

**kayabaNerve**:	Yes, but we can still have ArbRole/AccRole so I don't have to remember which one Alice is and which one Bob is :P

**zkao**:	there is a chain that has the game theoretical power to arbitrate

**kayabaNerve**:	Arbitrator/Accordor. Except the last one isn't a word...

**zkao**:	and the other is in accordance with the latter

**kayabaNerve**:	Or in simple terms, BTC arbitrates, XMR accords

**zkao**:	yes

**kayabaNerve**:	... or rather, to provide examples

**zkao**:	the rules of the game are enforced in btc blockchain

**kayabaNerve**:	But yes, that's the reason we chose those terms.

**zkao**:	kayabaNerve: there is no such thing as arbitrating role

**zkao**:	both parties can arbitrated

**kayabaNerve**:	... true. ArbChainRole? Just verbose.

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	I'm ok with a high level of verbosity in code tbh

**kayabaNerve**:	My point was we have two terminologies here, which I rather resolve by having the name Alice clearly map to their chain.

**zkao**:	h4sh3d is OCD for naming, u will kill him haha

**lederstrumpf**:	well, what's true is that Bob originally owns arbitrating chain's coins and wants accordant chains coins, and vice versa for Alice.

**lederstrumpf**:	but that's hard to get into a compact form ^^

**zkao**:	the two dimensions are orthogonal, tbh

**kayabaNerve**:	StartsWithArbitratingEndsWithAccordantRoleTypeInRustForFarcaster

**lederstrumpf**:	ArbitratingCoinShiller & AccordantCoinShiller

**kayabaNerve**:	... unironically prefer lederstrumpf 

**kayabaNerve**:	*'s :P

**kayabaNerve**:	Missed that end piece

**zkao**:	any work to be discussed guys?

**zkao**:	WillSellBody4Xmr: besides selling bodies, what are you interests in the project?

**kayabaNerve**:	Beyond naming convention, I was planning to throw my hat into the Farcaster-Core ring.

**kayabaNerve**:	But that's plans for the next week

**zkao**:	yes

**zkao**:	me too

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	I mean I've been following Monero for years, but I've never really got into the community and code very much

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	But I'd like too

**zkao**:	kayabaNerve: id like to start coding on the interactions between participants, and how to get them to run the protocol correctly

**zkao**:	are you interested in the syncer as well?

**zkao**:	i mean, u wrote a bunch of the spec, do u want to work on the code there as well?

**kayabaNerve**:	Sure

**kayabaNerve**:	I'm really indifferent overall. Just know I haven't been helping as much as I could, so that's something I want to resolve. Starting with the syncer, when that's what I worked on in the design phase, is a natural fit.

**kayabaNerve**:	As for PayMo, which I brought up above since it sounds like now may be a good time, https://eprint.iacr.org/2020/1441.pdf

**kayabaNerve**:	Feel free to tell me to wait a bit longer

**zkao**:	thats really brand new crypto

**zkao**:	and a shitty user experience

**kayabaNerve**:	I'm absolutely not recommending we move to it

**kayabaNerve**:	And yes, I said it had a poor UX :P

**zkao**:	compute a VDF like thing to get a valid refund tx

**kayabaNerve**:	Because you need to mine the signature to get it back

**kayabaNerve**:	And hardware differences mean you can't trust an 8 hour sig for 8 hours; more like 3 in an attack scenariop

**kayabaNerve**:	Yet that leaves 8 hours for the average person to recover

**kayabaNerve**:	So it has the widest compatibility yet, but it's not feasible except in the largest of edge cases

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	I've procrastinated on actual work for long enough now, dropping off. (or, more accurately, turning 90 degrees to my work station)

**kayabaNerve**:	But it's still something I enjoy seeing.

**zkao**:	WillSellBody4Xmr: cool, stick around, if u want to colaborate, we might find ways

**zkao**:	just ping us on this channel anytime

**WillSellBody4Xmr**:	=*

**lederstrumpf**:	zkao: did h4sh3d mention any rationale for unifying daemon->client & client->daemon messages both under the name "instructions" as done in his PR?

**zkao**:	the name is a placeholder

**zkao**:	imo

**lederstrumpf**:	nvm - I see you just commented on the PR

**zkao**:	i gave the rationale in above, on the beginning of the meeting

**zkao**:	the api was total crap

**zkao**:	btw client and daemon

**zkao**:	because client couldnt build txs

**zkao**:	had to ask for them

**zkao**:	the data type is the same on both directions of the arrow client <-> daemon

**zkao**:	data types are*

**lederstrumpf**:	ok, that's quite a big change in terms of what the client controls

**lederstrumpf**:	why does the daemon verify the txs the client has built?

**zkao**:	it certainly verifies the transactions it receives from counterparty

**lederstrumpf**:	yes, but from its own client?

**lederstrumpf**:	I'm largely in favour of it

**zkao**:	why dont we get things to move on, rather than picking some little detail

**lederstrumpf**:	but I don't think it changes the security model at all

**zkao**:	the code rules

**lederstrumpf**:	it's not a little detail - our prior modelling was that both client & daemon are fully trusted components, so it affects the design

**zkao**:	we didnt changed that

**zkao**:	open a PR or issue if u want quality discussion on this issue

**lederstrumpf**:	sure

**lederstrumpf**:	anyway, meeting time's up - thanks all

**sgp_**:	something else I want to set up is the Matrix relay for this channel

**sgp_**:	is anyone here able to op themselves on Freenode for this channel?

**zkao**:	h4sh3d: failed last time to +o me

**zkao**:	 what is the bridge software u r using? sgp_ 

**sgp_**:	moneromooo: if no one else can, can you please work with freenode to op yourself

**sgp_**:	zkao: https://forum.monero.space/d/83-join-the-monero-core-team-matrix-server

**zkao**:	but for the bridge itself, what is the software that u run?

**sgp_**:	zkao: it's run by matrix.org, let me try to find it

**zkao**:	oh, i see, so forget about it... i thought u guys were running it

**moneromooo**:	zkao: lederstrumpf: h4sh3d[m]: are you guys ok with a matrix bridge here ?

**moneromooo**:	h4sh3d[m]: I'm not setting you since you're on matrix and I don't know whether this would gives matri themselves ops

**zkao**:	yes

**zkao**:	i mean, its is anyhow bridged

**moneromooo**:	Yes, I just noticed via h4sh3d[m]'s nick :(

**moneromooo**:	sgp_: what did you need me to do then for matrix ?

**zkao**:	entire freenode is

**sgp_**:	moneromooo: give me one sec

**sgp_**:	moneromooo: I just need you to respond "yes" to the DM you just got

**moneromooo**:	I did not get one this time.

**zkao**:	moneromooo: u think its better not to have it bridged?

**moneromooo**:	I have no opinion on this.



