**zkao**: hey

**zkao**: h4sh3d: ok will do

**h4sh3d**: hello

**lederstrumpf**: hi

**zkao**: kayabaNerve TheCharlatan ping

**kayabaNerve**: Morning

**TheCharlatan**: hi

**zkao**: so who wants to start sharing their work from the past week

**h4sh3d**: I can start

**h4sh3d**: You can see it here: https://github.com/farcaster-project/farcaster-core/pulls

**h4sh3d**: :P

**h4sh3d**: I wanted to do some work on RFCs but I didn't manage to do it

**h4sh3d**: so my whole week was on the core library

**h4sh3d**: The shape is getting more clear on pretty much all the aspect the core should cover now, at least in my head

**h4sh3d**: I think by the end of the month we have core+chains implemented for btc/xmr with experimental crypto from asmr

**h4sh3d**: meaning, all the feature should be implemented (maybe not the daemon <-> syncer messages & logic, but it's more related to the node than core)

**zkao**: comit used sigma protocols, that is why we dont want to use that as the crypto lib, is that correct?

**h4sh3d**: So the status should be: all the logic to create the messages from client <-> daemon <-> daemon <-> client

**zkao**: well, that keeps me busy on the node for at least a couple of weeks

**h4sh3d**: their implementation of the dleq proof is different, but both could be in core and flagged as experimental until we do one proper latter

**h4sh3d**: goal of core+chains is to have flexibility right, so why not both?

**h4sh3d**: *!

**h4sh3d**: that's it for me on the high level

**lederstrumpf**: > <@h4sh3d:matrix.org> goal of core+chains is to have flexibility right, so why not both?

agreed

**h4sh3d**: for the past week

**zkao**: so i started working on the swapd since now i have all the bulding blocks in place

**kayabaNerve**: asmr uses the MRL DL EQ proof; COMIT used Sigma. They claimed it was closer to formally proveable, yet my partner disagreed. Considering my partner pointed out the DL EQ proof was based on AOS signatures, which was a heads up for them, I think I prefer the MRL's. That said, getting both available is definitely optimal.

**h4sh3d**: (mixing crypto will be tricky because of types [keys, sigs, etc])

**zkao**: i had to do a PR upstream on rust-internet2 in order to be able to pass more arbitrary messages

**h4sh3d**: kayabaNerve: yes, and it will give us a good idea were to go for the "proper" impl (if we can say it like that :p)

**zkao**: through the peer connection

**zkao**: so far we can pass lightning encoded messages

**zkao**: but our peer messages, which we call protocol messages, are only strict encoded so far

**zkao**: so not sure whether we should lightning encode them or change internet2 to support strict encoded messages

**kayabaNerve**: *Tbc, I don't mean to knock their work; I'm especially impressed at how quickly they got it together. I'm saying I think they wrote one and made their security claims because they didn't realize the existence of AOS's security claims.

**kayabaNerve**: ... security claims isn't the best term. Premises?

**kayabaNerve**: zkao: Sounds rough. Are they being receptive?

**kayabaNerve**: (to the PR; or was it already merged?)

**lederstrumpf**: > <@zkao:matrix.org> so not sure whether we should lightning encode them or change internet2 to support strict encoded messages

https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc/blob/master/08-transport.md#lightning-message-specification
to my understanding, that's adding the length & MAC padding to the TLV encoded data

**lederstrumpf**: ?

**lederstrumpf**: for the first route, in lieu of changing internet2

**zkao**: maintainer wrote: "The tasks you are trying to address with your PR is really important and needed. I was looking for solving this issue myself. I just need a bit of time to review your approach later, since currently I am sick and it's hard for me to think clearly"

**zkao**: kayabaNerve: so i guess receptive, but burnt out

**kayabaNerve**: Sure

**h4sh3d**: At least it goes the right direction

**h4sh3d**: that's good

**kayabaNerve**: I've been working on the Bitcoin syncer using a poll based setup (issue command, then the larger app issues a poll command to fetch new data and events). As much as I'd love for it to be websocket based, that's just not feasible in most cases and polling is more minimal.

**zkao**: so how do u hear for new transactions, for example?

**kayabaNerve**: zkao: You call syncer.poll() and get Vec<Event>

**kayabaNerve**: I also did look into zmq/async; zmq ships tokio (or async_std)

**zkao**: nice

**kayabaNerve**: Given LNP BP has optional tokio support, and tokio is generally preferred, I assume if we need an async runtime, tokio is the way to go

**zkao**: thanks for looking into this

**kayabaNerve**: So standard zmq rules on triggering commands, and then a timer to frequently call poll (say, evey ten seconds given BTC's block time)

**zkao**: what really matters is that we get a zmqsocket that allows to inject the data in the node's zmq runtime

**kayabaNerve**: Yep. Right now, I'm not touching that. I'm solely working on the generic syncer; that is the ultimate plan though and something I'm designing with in mind.

**kayabaNerve**: Because doing all this work and then not getting that would make it utterly pointless

**kayabaNerve**: I do recognize that :p

**zkao**: im sure its easy to do

**h4sh3d**: kayabaNerve: just so you know https://github.com/farcaster-project/farcaster-core/pull/39

**h4sh3d**: you can move your `syncer` file at the root

**kayabaNerve**: Thanks for the heads up. Was about to ask about that

**h4sh3d**: interaction and session modules will be dropped at some point

**zkao**: i'd say sooner, rather than later,

**h4sh3d**: feel free to put all your modules at the root, we want to keep it as flat as possible

**zkao**: the other day i was totally confused trying to use stuff from it

**zkao**: to realise it was inactive

**h4sh3d**: PRs are open, waiting for you :)

**kayabaNerve**: Tbc, I haven't submitted a PR just because I know my work is relatively isolated right now (still BTC RPC management) combined with not feeling I had significant enough work until this week. I just have a few errors with the current file to resolve, but then I can create a PR and try to keep better track.

**zkao**: awesome

**kayabaNerve**: *track with upstream tbc

**h4sh3d**: yeah sure, no problem

**zkao**: so kayaba, u dont want to use bitcoin core zmq to hear for transactions?

**zkao**: and blocks

**kayabaNerve**: zkao: I looked for a bitcoin node manager in lnp bp and couldn't find it; was I just blind?

**kayabaNerve**: Like, I also checked the dependencies

**zkao**: i saw electrum-client in the deps

**zkao**: i was wondering the same as you, actually

**kayabaNerve**: The only place I sewe zmq fitting in to the Syncer itself, and not syncerd, is just because I'll need a networking lib to issue RPC commands.

**zkao**: what is the syncer, and what is syncerd conceptually?

**kayabaNerve**: But optimally, I think it should be possible to instantiate all three parts of the swap process without zmq, using typed function calls to handle communication. It's an entire runtime and an incredible amount of load to lock down on. If you built a monolithic app, there's also no need for serialized message passing.

**kayabaNerve**: One sec

**kayabaNerve**: And yes, I know I have to move this file

**kayabaNerve**: https://github.com/kayabaNerve/farcaster-core/blob/main/core/src/interactions/syncer.rs

**kayabaNerve**: This is the Syncer I'm currently working with. I'm not happy with that trait, for a few reasons, but to comment on scope.

**kayabaNerve**: It's an async trait which defines the needed IO. That's it. It has no runtime, no command to run on its own, it doesn't rely on any message passing library...

**zkao**: so, but that trait functions in the end will get exposed to the rpc of syncerd, correct?

**kayabaNerve**: We have data addendums for some syncer tasks. Here's my implemention of the address addendum for Monero https://github.com/kayabaNerve/farcaster-core/blob/main/chains/src/monero/tasks.rs. Fixed byte serialization. For Bitcoin, which has a variable length field, I'm still looking that over. I really think it'd should be the simplest possible form in order to have the most widespread support; not all languages have a lightning message

**kayabaNerve**: implementation available.

**kayabaNerve**: syncerd will wrap this zmq

**kayabaNerve**: So we'll still get a zmq rpc available.

**kayabaNerve**: It's just if you don't want to use zmq at all, you don't have to.

**zkao**: kayaba, use strict encoding

**kayabaNerve**: Got it. Staid away from that due to the existing compiler errors; scared me off a bit :p

**kayabaNerve**: But will do

**zkao**: the bitcoin types are already strict encoded

**kayabaNerve**: The Bitcoin type I'm encoding is an address string

**kayabaNerve**: AKA it's just a string

**zkao**: and the monero ones that we needed so far as well

**kayabaNerve**: And a u64

**h4sh3d**: how to handle the encoding in -core (core+chains) is not totally fleshed out for me, having -> Vec<u8> is a good start as we can wrap it latter

**kayabaNerve**: Just to be clear. I can still use strict encoding; my comment is that Bitcoin types having support for it doesn't contribute in this case :p

**h4sh3d**: I think for know the serialization is not the most important

**h4sh3d**: data structures are

**kayabaNerve**: h4sh3d: If strict encoding can be implemented within a few hours (a simple protocol such as linear fields with length prefixes), I'm fine with using it in core. If strict encoding is as complex as, say, protobuf... then no, I disagree with using it in core.

**kayabaNerve**: But yeah, can definitely be decided latert

**kayabaNerve**: *later

**h4sh3d**: strict encoding is a generic way of encoding many type of data structures, even complex ones such as dic, hash map, ...

**h4sh3d**: the goal is to enable client side validation

**h4sh3d**: if you share a "strict encoding" then you can start validating stuff locally

**h4sh3d**: that's the tl;dr from the author, kind of

**h4sh3d**: he uses it everywhere, and we had to use it too

**kayabaNerve**: Uhhhh what crate is it a part of?

**h4sh3d**: zkao? (it's in its own crate)

**kayabaNerve**: I see lnpbp::StrictEncode, yet core doesn't have access to lnpbp (and shouldn't IMO)

**kayabaNerve**: Happy to hear it

**kayabaNerve**: Oh. Looks like LNP BP has SE to define what crate to use for strict encoding

**kayabaNerve**: Got it

**h4sh3d**: the way strict encoding is impl for Btc is mostly wrapping btc consensus encode, same for xmr (I did it on monero-rs a week or two ago)

**zkao**: strict encoding crate within the lnpbp repo

**h4sh3d**: now, we also have a small farcaster consensus encoding

**h4sh3d**: and the goal is again, strict encode and decode just wrap farcaster encoding

**h4sh3d**: https://github.com/farcaster-project/farcaster-core/blob/main/core/src/consensus.rs

**h4sh3d**: but, again, the way it is now is not final and there is inaccuracies in the code base

**zkao**: thats the other thing, we could use farcaster encoding, and for the stuff that has to be dealt with the node, then we strict encode using some generic impl / macros

**h4sh3d**: will fix that in the following weeks (along the RFCs that specify some encoding such as RFC10, the public offer)

**h4sh3d**: zkao: agree, that's the way I'd prefer

**h4sh3d**: we don't need all the complexity of strict encoding (complex structure like dictionary, ...)

**h4sh3d**: but we can wrap

**h4sh3d**: when needed

**zkao**: so i will keep working on the swapd for the next week

**h4sh3d**: I'm gonna continue working on the libs

**h4sh3d**: I want to have them complete as soon as possible

**kayabaNerve**: Still going to be on the syncer :)

**zkao**: kayabaNerve: i think it would be nice if u keep open draft PRs in core and node, so that we see what u r up to

**kayabaNerve**: Sure. I'll open them now

**zkao**: thank you

**zkao**: any update on claiming the first milestone, lederstrumpf ?

**lederstrumpf**: nope - I commented on the CCS PR today as well though

**lederstrumpf**: so that covers all the channels now

**h4sh3d**: ok, let's see if we get feedback there and next week I'll go to luigi and see what's next

**zkao**: rehar was always helpful, why not ping him?

**h4sh3d**: yes, or rehrar

**zkao**: any more updates?

**lederstrumpf**: not from me

**zkao**: or discussion topics, or shall we close?

**h4sh3d**: kayabaNerve: about crypto from asmr into farcaster

**h4sh3d**: what do you think? can we duplicate (mostly) the code to adapt it to farcaster structure

**h4sh3d**: do we put headers pointing to asmr in those files

**h4sh3d**: I don't want to copy paste your work and go with it under the name of farcaster... what do you want

**kayabaNerve**: It has a MIT copyright; no real risk copy/pasting it :p

**kayabaNerve**: But yes, a header also acknowledging origin would be appreciated :)

**h4sh3d**: no, I just want you to be ok with what I do

**h4sh3d**: ok, great

**h4sh3d**: that's it for me

**h4sh3d**: ok, I think we can adjourn

**h4sh3d**: does our logs on -meetings are up-to-date?

**lederstrumpf**: except for this one, yes ;)

**h4sh3d**: great, see you then

**zkao**: cheers

**lederstrumpf**: ciao