**h4sh3d**: Weekly meeting will start soon!

**TheCharlatan**: hello :)

**zkao**: hey

**rotten**: h4sh3d: i know it might not be a good timing, but most monero channels, if not all, are switching over to libera.chat.

**rotten**: kline.sh

**lederstrumpf**: hi

**rotten**: twitter.com/fluffypony/status/1395026059624595462

**zkao**: i saw the exit msgs from jess, and wasnt getting that too much

**rotten**: i'm dropping this registration shortly.

**h4sh3d**: rotten: I've been reading about that today ;)

**rotten**: good riddance.

**rotten**: yeah, bummer.

**zkao**: thank you for the heads up

**rotten**: np. didn't want to pollute before your weekly meeting.

**rotten**: already joined #monero-swap on libera.

**rotten**: btw, great that some of you will be doing that meetup in switzerland. good luck!

**h4sh3d**: thanks! still have to work on the slides tho :)

**lederstrumpf**: thanks rotten!

**zkao**: ok, there r two open PRs in the node im looking at

**h4sh3d**: which ones?

**zkao**: the ones from a charlatan

**zkao**: if not TheCharlatan

**TheCharlatan**: yes, I continued work on walletd, starting to break out the changes of my draft PR into more digestible chunks.

**TheCharlatan**: also makes it easier for me to rationalize some changes.

**zkao**: what is the walled token?

**TheCharlatan**: it's meant as an additional authentication layer.

**zkao**: whos knows it?

**TheCharlatan**: kind of pointless right now, but I have some ideas where it might be useful. Only farcasterd should know about it.

**zkao**: walletd?

**zkao**: anyway, if u say its kind of pointless at the moment, not worth discussing

**TheCharlatan**: walletd obviously has to check it yet.

**zkao**: the thing i got a bit confused about is: peerd gives one nodeid to identify all swaps running by that node, but we inherited that from lightning

**zkao**: in practice it could be one nodeid per peer connection

**zkao**: =peerd

**zkao**: is that correct, TheCharlatan ?

**h4sh3d**: as the nodeid is the base key used to secure and authentify the communication channel between two nodes doing a swap, I'd prefer to have a different one per swap. But I think it's not problematic if we don't

**zkao**: so how far is the walletd right now? it looks like the only secret that is created in farcasterd is this wallet_token, all the rest is already extracted in walletd, correct?

**TheCharlatan**: yes

**lederstrumpf**: also, does walletd require MSG bus or only CTL bus?

**TheCharlatan**: but like you said we have one nodeid for all swaps running by that node.

**TheCharlatan**: should only be CTL bus.

**zkao**: the assymetric between bind and connect is what makes one node_id per connection harder, i guess, but thats optimization i guess

**zkao**: assymetry*

**lederstrumpf**: asymmetry* :P

**zkao**: asymettry, as i said

**lederstrumpf**: :D

**zkao**: i think what we should clear align our view on is what daemons have access to the walletd

**zkao**: i talked to different people and there r different views

**TheCharlatan**: h4sh3d we have an ephemeral key that is created for each new peerd, I think the static key (whose public key is the nodeid) is only used for authentication. Or do you have privacy concerns in mind?

**h4sh3d**: yes. it was about privacy, not security.

**h4sh3d**: the node id is display in the offer (because we want to expose the identity of the maker), so you can easily link multiple offers

**h4sh3d**: but again, let's do it latter

**TheCharlatan**: ok

**h4sh3d**: because if we have a different node id per swap that implies correct usage of hidden services other you just link with the IP ;)

**TheCharlatan**: yes

**zkao**: i agree that it wouldnt be too much work to achieve that, so i will open a issue, and we discuss that when the time comes

**TheCharlatan**: so r.e. your previous concern with who has access to walletd...

**zkao**: so the options are:

**zkao**: only farcasterd talks to walletd

**zkao**: or swapd + peerd? + ? talks to walletd

**zkao**: but it requires more authentication

**zkao**: and a lot more connections

**zkao**: the first option is less scalable

**lederstrumpf**: in the route swapd + peerd talking to walletd only, any security concerns if farcasterd initializes all of them with knowledge of their respective peers' authentication keys?

**lederstrumpf**: and any change in their communication peer set is handled by farcasterd

**lederstrumpf**: say, peerd dies and has to be restarted, so farcasterd informs walletd of the new peerd's authentication key

**zkao**: i didnt evaluate the heavily distributed model because my brain is too small for that :)

**lederstrumpf**: I'm also not principally opposed to starting with a `farcasterd as the communication hub` route and moving over to a more distributed model once we hit scalability issues, but this may come with high refactoring cost.

**zkao**: i dont like wallet interacting with a large number of threads, it gets out of control quick

**zkao**: lederstrumpf: the scalability issue means: now that u r running 100 swaps in farcarderd1, you have to launch farcasterd2

**zkao**: and then theres no issue anymore

**h4sh3d**: for me it also depend how much scalability we want with one farcasterd instance. like zkao said: fd1, fd2, etc...

**lederstrumpf**: @zkao: true

**h4sh3d**: but we'd like to keep the smallest amount of walletd, even only one

**h4sh3d**: so for me the design goal would be allowing walletd with one or more farcasterd

**zkao**: i agree totally with last 2 sentenses

**h4sh3d**: keeping this in our head is good, but it is far fetch for now. Only in some specific cases one would run hundreds of swap at the same time

**lederstrumpf**: that's convincing. I'm good with leaving `farcasterd` as the communication hub, if the scalability hurdle then just turns into having `walletd` communicate with multiple `farcasterd`s

**zkao**: i think walletd is the bottleneck

**zkao**: or rather the crypto operations

**zkao**: but theyre so little in a swap

**TheCharlatan**: the question rather seems to me in which daemons we insert breaks in the current protocol to allow for signing.

**zkao**: the correct aswer is, we do not block accross daemons, but i still think we should ignore that for now

**zkao**: and just block in farcasterd

**TheCharlatan**: with the limited overview I have still of everything I agree ^

**zkao**: its better to have simpler code, and later optimize than to do it correct and hard to understand

**h4sh3d**: I'll have to go soon sry

**h4sh3d**: this week I've been following the Taproot activation with Speedy Trial

**zkao**: come on, leave the baby crying

**h4sh3d**: looks like we're gonna have Taproot live in November (probably)

**h4sh3d**: zkao: ;)

**zkao**: so, someone needs to work harder on taproot i suppose

**h4sh3d**: so that's good, and I'll definitely focus more on Taproot and not even finish the full ECDSA implement in -core

**h4sh3d**: but a lot of work is required in rust-bitcoin, so my goal is to help there too!

**h4sh3d**: that's it for me

**TheCharlatan**: see ya!

**zkao**: i think the pressure to have an ecdsa implementation from community will be lower now that Comit is focusing on that

**h4sh3d**: ciao

**zkao**: cheers

**lederstrumpf**: cheers