**lederstrumpf**: Hi everyone

**h4sh3d**: Hello

**almutasim**: Hi

**zkao**: hoi

**h4sh3d**: Alright, let's start.

**h4sh3d**: I let people who wants to update on their last week work go, then I'll do my update.

**lederstrumpf**: I didn't get around to much this week, but I'm reviewing the state of the RFCs to identify any gaps for unlocking milestones.

**h4sh3d**: Last we can plan what's next for the 1-2 weeks

**lederstrumpf**: I think we're actually pretty complete for M1

**h4sh3d**: yeah! :)

**h4sh3d**: for reference: we are trying to maintain the list of missing parts and future improvements with the issues https://github.com/farcaster-project/RFCs/issues

**lederstrumpf**: my next step is to list the outstanding gaps as issues on the github repo

**lederstrumpf**: and thereafter write this up as a delivery report for CCS to make a cross-check of our specification against the CCS proposal's conditions as easy as possible for the reviewers

**zkao**: i started work on the farcaster-node

**zkao**: https://github.com/zkao/farcaster-node

**h4sh3d**: the last Community Workgroup Meeting was 6.3, so the next one is normally this Saturday at 17UTC. we could join and start discussing with them the 'validataion'/audit process

**lederstrumpf**: yes - I'll draft a delivery report so that we can get feedback on the format

**h4sh3d**: awsome

**h4sh3d**: Last week I worked on the -core library

**h4sh3d**: continuing adding the structure and the naming from the RFCs

**h4sh3d**: now I'm working on the transactions

**h4sh3d**: it's split in two main component: the traits defined for all type of arbitrating transaction, and the concrete implementation for bitcoin with ECDSA (that can be extended latter)

**h4sh3d**: *later

**zkao**: i guess some of the stuff needs to be chain agnostic, such as the Commitment type, for example

**h4sh3d**: anything less we want to share or should we move on next actions ?

**h4sh3d**: *else

**zkao**: yep, the node

**lederstrumpf**: > https://github.com/zkao/farcaster-node

zkao looking good. are you done with stripping away the rgb & lightning specific stuff?

**zkao**: no

**zkao**: just started :)

**zkao**: have to get the farcaster messages properly encoded

**zkao**: then when i can be sure we can pass them around, i remove the lighting msgs

**zkao**: i will make the node not generic, because then its too much trouble

**h4sh3d**: for now, are you interested only about the protocol messages or also blockchain events, tasks, etc.

**zkao**: for now now, i dont care about the rest

**zkao**: but till the weekend, i will

**h4sh3d**: events and tasks have not been created in -core, but I can do it soon if needed

**h4sh3d**: ok

**zkao**: eventually i will jump in and set all the constraints in core

**zkao**: now im doing on AliceCommit message

**zkao**: on a private branch of core

**zkao**: h4sh3d: no, dont worry about that

**zkao**: they're the easiest messages

**h4sh3d**: ok, then next thing I'll do after the transaction is advance on the negotiation/offer module

**zkao**: protocol messages + pressession messages

**zkao**: when i wrote this is what i thought

**zkao**: + other messages that we dont have, but then i slowly add

**h4sh3d**: add proper serialization and signature of offers, and see with you how to integrate properly the peer connection info (so one can connect to the node)

**zkao**: leave the serialization with me

**zkao**: because i have to add it for everything

**h4sh3d**: offer serialization != message serialization

**zkao**: offer is a message

**zkao**: for me

**h4sh3d**: then we are not talking about the same thing, so all good ;)

**h4sh3d**: for the next week I'll continue the transaction and then work on the negotiation in -core lib. also finishing the missing parts on the RFCs depending on lederstrumpf feedback

**lederstrumpf**: sounds good

**h4sh3d**: under what name do we publish farcaster-core lib on crates.io? farcaster or farcaster_core

**lederstrumpf**: choice should be between farcaster-core and farcaster_core since we'll have other libs too

**zkao**: i prefer _core because it not confusing

**h4sh3d**: the farcaster_core will be the same every where, so despite the fact that I prefer - visually I'm for _

**zkao**: otherwise u import -core, but when u actually use it it is _core, which creates some cognitive dissonance

**h4sh3d**: ...or even creates heart attack to some people

**h4sh3d**: zkao: I pushed one commit on Swap state #74, adds a ToC and overview

**h4sh3d**: I think the open PRs on RFCs can be reviewed and merge by lederstrumpf if found complete

**lederstrumpf**: ack

**h4sh3d**: ok, we're mostly at the end of the hour, if someone wants to share something before we adjourn feel free

**h4sh3d**: logs will be posted on github by lederstrumpf right?!

**lederstrumpf**: yup

**almutasim**: Hi. I had a quick question.

**lederstrumpf**: bridge worked until the end this time :)

**h4sh3d**: Hi

**lederstrumpf**: go ahead almutasim

**almutasim**: We at Monero Outreach (a working group) are writing an article on atomic swaps, with a focus on your work. If sometime someone could give it a summary technical review, it would be greatly appreciated.

**almutasim**: The article is currently in our online editing software (not yet formatted for publication): https://taiga.getmonero.org/project/xmrhaelan-monero-public-relations/us/293. Any comments or suggestions can be sent to me at alexmu@rediffmail.com.

**almutasim**: Any feedback would be greatly appreciated!

**h4sh3d**: oh yes, I received an email yesteday. Didn't look yet but sure we will help

**h4sh3d**: when do you plan to publish the article?

**almutasim**: Thanks a lot!

**almutasim**: Soon after review. It isn't a fixed time.

**h4sh3d**: Alright, then we will have a look in the following days. What's the best way to give feedback? (on the tool directly or somewhere else?)

**almutasim**: E-mail at alexmu@rediffmail.com would be great, or u/almutasim on Reddit.

**almutasim**: Thank you for your help.

**almutasim**: In the tool is fine, too.

**lederstrumpf**: great, thanks almutasim! will get in touch :)

**almutasim**: Thanks!

**h4sh3d**: Thank you everyone!

This topic was moved here from #**general>irc-monero-swap** by @_**lederstrumpf|361568**